 she was taken to  outside hospital where 3 peripheral branches of the right kidney artery was embolized , and a  flexible catheter line was placed under sterile procedure in the  emergency department .
  patient was successfully extubated , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak .
 encourage / assist with  by mouth intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily .
 38 year old male with known mitral backward flowing and mitral valve prolapse with new onset atrial fibrillation .
 he was  not feverish and  proportion of red blood cells stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor .
 patient became nonpassage of urine with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium .
 transported to  outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a  left chest tube was placed for a a a a and transferred to hospital1 hospital .
 the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the , which was found to be 100 % occluded .
 patient  proportion of red blood cells was stable , did not have  blood pressure for 24 hours and was able to tolerat last name ( ) , first name3 ( ) ocreaotide drip was stopped .
 lisinopril was restarted given his  proportion of red blood cells stability and slightly elevated .
 a  flexible - inserted was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6 - 29 .
 plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her supraglottic decreased .
 chest surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior  lung infection for atleast 6 months .
 the effusion was noted to be loculated by  watery and  swelling .
 he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration .
 this resolved after two sublingual nitroglycerin and patient also has nitroglycerin patch .
 his  proportion of red blood cells was estimated at 36 % with diffuse  swelling .
 the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon pericardiotomy procedure if the effusion increases in size .
 the patient remained  not feverish throughout his hospital course , stable , with treatment for mild  lung disease as above .
 at the  outside hospital , the patient reportendly had an unremarkable  body imaging and negative markers negative x 3 .
 - history of coronary artery bypass graft with only  left anterior descending graft still patent .
 she was kept  nothing by mouth until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated .
 cytomegalovirus and bradykinin viral loads were sent and returned negative .
 a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by .
 he was given tissue plasminogen activator and strength improved within 3 hours .
 her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced kidney perfusion .
 known lastname 1557 is a 71 year - old female with history of atrial fibrillation and  high blood pressure ( since november 2178 per ) who presented to hospital3 last night for  low blood pressure .
 he was found to grow  methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus and was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for  lung infection .
 her last name 3041 was dc ' d .
 rhythm : after coming out of  heart heart rhythm , found to have sinus , 2 : 1 block .
 name10 907 prior to discharge was negative for blood .
 his alanine transaminase / aspartate transaminase remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet .
  proportion of red blood cells prior to transfer 97 . 7 , prior to transfer 97 . 7 , : 87 ,  , : 16 ,
 the patient did not require intubation , was managed on and weaned down to nasal cannula .
 over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to deficiency of calcium in the bloodstream .
 on 2135 - 3 - 19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his from 25 to 16 .
 she was started on dilantin and her level was 12 . 1 .
 known lastname 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for  lung disease who presents with  low blood pressure and acute agitation .
 on the floor , he was re - started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2 . 0 - 3 . 0 .
 42 year old female with history of 2 - 26 , abuse , ?
 review of systems + per  emergency department , some calf cramping and dysphagia on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke ,  she denies any prior history of stroke , , deep venous , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
 she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing  shortness of breath for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix .
 he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath or  shortness of breath currently .
 82 year old male with a history of 6 prior  blood filtering ' s ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor  emergency department cath with tight  and diffuse disease without intervention .
 the patient was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit with neuro - oncology , palliative care , and medicine consults .
 postoperatively she was transferred to the  intensive care unit for close monitoring .
 it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput .
  body imaging scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant .
 in the  emergency department , she had a  blood blood gas in the 30 ' s , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan .
 creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization .
 post transfusion was initially 24 . 4 and then increased to 25 . 6 on 10 - 22 .
 because of , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while  by mouth captopril was started .
 he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy  right lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent .
 in the  emergency department , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1 . 5 and  intravenous fluids were subsequently held .
 known lastname seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect .
 the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge .
 after obtaining a dental panorex , it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery .
 also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size .
 patient receives large volume weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164 - 12 - 12 .
 he did not note any of the tightness with exertion .
 type ii diabetes mellitus : high blood sugar may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening infection given complains of nausea .
 the  patient was given levofloxacin / flagyl , with coverage later expanded to add vancomycin and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin .
 she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the  medical intensive care unit with her  blood pressure closely monitored .
 during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins .
 87 year old female with history of poorly controlled  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure presents with [MASK] of sudden onset the morning of admission .
 a years old with  past medical acute myelogenous leukemia , neutropenic fever , throid goiter , admitted to  medical medical intensive care unit service for neutropenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics , her course was complicated by acute kidney failure after discussion with patient and family dialysis was
 prior to that , last  patient firing was on halloween .
 currently , denies any complaints of  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath when lying when lying , or  shortness of breath .
 he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat  body imaging was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus .
 at the time of discharge on 3 - 13 he is tolerating a regular diet , walking with an assistive device ,  walking with an temporaryive device , breathing with stable vital signs .
 in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and short for pneumatic compression boots were started .
 she was initially treated for  lung infection based on her chest xray  right lobe lobe consolidation with antibiotics to cover for  with organisms ( ) .
 in  emergency department , denies any pain ,  denies any pain ,  shortness of breath , chest pain , difficulty breathing , light headedness ,  shortness of breath .
 he does have a mild headache without nausea , vomiting weakness or paresthesia .
 her lung arterial pressures were 60s / 30s .
 ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and  .
 he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations .
 his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with  intravenous lasix .
 known lastname 96619 was transferred from the  intensive care unit to the floor on 2184 - 8 - 22 , for further management .
 the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189 - 8 - 27 .
 for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral - femoral cross - over graft were performed .
 he took nitroglycerin x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes .
 on the morning of admission he felt weak , he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand .
 this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height .
 82 years old man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease , 90 %  on with amaurosis fugax and possible syncopal episode now  on carotid stent with good restoration of flow .
 his  postoperative days 4 am  patient was stable with no increased  shortness of breath , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up  patient was stable .
 years old male ,  high blood pressure , and  abnormally of the blood who has a history of of hepatic who presented to an nausea , vomiting , abdomen pain that the day proir to admission .
 presented to her  primary care provider name initial ( pre ) 1 week  patient who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg  by vein lasix daily at that time with moderate improvement in her  by vein swelling .
 she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm .
  high blood pressure :  patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped .
 she developed symptoms of a viral  lung infection ( coryza , low grade fever ) which also resolved .
 a swab of lesion was sent for herpes simplex virus culture .
 during the patient ' s resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection .
 he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine .
 - psychiatry consulted , continued on paxil 20mg  by vein , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , the patient was in moderate breathing distress on a venti - mask and was also very anxious .
 elevated  urinalysis and cancer antigen 125 are consistent with malignancy .
 she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass .
 he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels .
 he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen .
 it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital .
 pump : patient with known dilated & biventricular dysfunction ,  pulmonary ventricular ventricular ventricular dysfunction , 20 % .
 she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up .
 she remained despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve .
 haldol was discontinued 1 - 5 to prolonging corrected qt interval ( reportedly 470s at longest ) .
 in brief , the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left replacement repair 2152 - 2 - 17 .
 received total 1 . 5mg dilaudid per  digestive care unit in post - anesthesia care unit .
 he was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit 2157 - 7 - 9 with complaints of dizziness ,  shortness of breath , fatigue , [MASK] , and a 13 lb weight ( whether human weight or otherwise ) loss over the last one month .
 he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a  body imaging evaluation .
 apgars were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of live , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life .
 she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls .
 patient immediately went to head  body imaging for right parietal cortical  swelling with sulcus effacement ; however , negative for bleed .
 a repeat  body imaging scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change .
 plan was for follow - up with interventional in 3 - 4 weeks .
 she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every hours .
 this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , cirrhosis ,  cirrhosis disease , who presents one week after  flexible catheter placement with recurrent  lung blood clot . rhythm : patient had 39 events of ventricular  with 11 shocks recorded on his pacer
  patient was chronically oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula  patient tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would reccur quickly .
 depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms .
 58 yo f otherwise healthy  with black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
 she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned .
 she was treated with a 30 - day course of pentoxiphylline .
 since international normalized ratio is 3 . 3 today , will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1 - 2 days .
 this is a 44 year old female who was status post on 2197 - 11 - 3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work - up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2197 - 11 - 20 .
 mr known lastname 61229 is a 50 yo rh m with a history of melanoma with known mets to spine (  left neck surgery 9 mos ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol , who presented to  left last night with weakness ( [MASK] > [MASK] ) and clumsiness
 she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate .
  digestive system specialist was then consulted who tried performing a  body imaging on the night of 4 - 23 , but were unsuccessful .
 he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter .
 he was continued on  aspirin and started on a statin .
 she describes this as a left sided severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines .
 the procedure was complicated by closure of the  surgical internal .
 received  intravenous fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573  intensive care unit for supportive care .
 routine  body imaging did not reveal any frank epilepsy activity , but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild of toxic , metabolic , or anoxic .
 the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus .
 known lastname complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear .
  patient was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable band placement .
 he was continued on a proton pump inhibitor as an inpatient .
 known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 catherization that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease .
 she required blood transfusion for dropping  proportion of red blood cells from 30 to 20 with  blood of blood .
 the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes .
 date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic pulmonary , he was started on / off on a lasix  by mouth to keep him even for his lenght of stay .
 he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation .
 overnight he developed transient intracranial pressure to the low to mid 20s and became transiently to the 40s .
 his time of death was 13 : 40 approximately 1 - 2 after extubation .
 speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status .
 reports increased  left leg swelling x 2 - 3 , recently started on lasix + zaroxolyn for that .
 history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on .
 he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175 - 1 - 21 ( day 1 was 2175 - 12 - 11 ) .
 she is frequently admitted to  medical intensive care unit for  low blood pressure ' s .
 the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines .
 the labs revealed at a stable and elevated potassium of 5 . 8 .
 she was re - admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home .
 his condition improved and  patient was transferred to the floor on  postoperative days .
 he has been taking his seizure  time and denies any seizure activity , no  right tongue biting , no  urinary incontinence , no focal motor / sensory [ signs and symptoms ] ' s , no  , , , .
 post procedure were in the 90s from a baseline of 120 - 140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure .
 4 )  low blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan ,  hydrochlorothiazothiaz , metoprolol .
 labs were significant for  proportion of red blood cells 31 . 8 ,  creatinine 0 . 9 ,  blood urea < . 01 ,  2646 ( no baseline comparison ) .
 on day of discharge  prothrombin and staff felt safe to discharge  patient to rehab with close follow up .
 known lastname stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening ` ` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up . ` `
 he was brought for  body imaging brain which showed acute right with 1 . 2cm of  right as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal  as well as a am x - 5 cm with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radiologist directly . )
 fluctuance over too long spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management .
  low blood pressure : his  blood cell was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent  proportion of red blood cells drop , as low as 26 .
  electrophysiology system specialist was called who stated that they would perform  heart electrical activity in  .
 she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum .
 the patient received pantoprazole 80mg  by vein ( although bleed appeared more small - large intestinal ) , two large bore placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ) .
 the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation .
 they do suspect he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status .
 she did not some vaginal itches in the emergency room .
 he presented to hospital3 on 6 - 1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and positive .
 acute on chronic kidney failure :  patient has chronic kidney disease with baseline creatinine of 3 . 5 - 3 . 9 and presented with a creatinine of 5 . 8 and a hemoconcentrated  low blood pressure .
 in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus .
 on , the patient was discharged to home .
 at time of transfer , the  patient continued to require positive end - expiratory pressure of 15 , and of 60 to maintain in the low 90s .
 name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with  heart team and neurology .
 she was placed on [MASK] prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids .
 in , the  emergency department , the patient received a total of 3l normal saline ; his  blood pressure responded to  fluids , so he was bolused again .
 he has also been confused  occasionally , weaker with two falls at home with no  shortness of breath or head trauma , and has had poor appetite .
 this change was thought to be multifacted with infection ,  low blood pressure ,  abnormally lung infection ( dilantin new ) ,  lung disease , ?
 the following day , tues , she could n ' t sleep well secondary to lower back pain .
  patient should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4 - 5 days after discharge .
 parkinson ' s : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet .
 labs showed stable  blood flow at 11 . 3 / 33 . 2 ( 11 . 9 / 34 . 6 on  friday ) .
 there is evidence of very severe with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope , and almost complete obstruction of the distal trachea .
 was performed which showed aortic , mild  narrowing of blood vessel , , and moderate lung .
 likely of  reason felt to be  digestive track bleed with no sign of infection (  swelling with no sign of  lung infection , no urinary tract infection , no evidence of however no ascites obtained ) .
 she had guaiac negative stools in  emergency department and in  emergency department .
 the patient did well post - operatively and was discharged on 7 - 13 .
 on review of systems , the patient denies  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath , dizziness ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  belly pain ,  belly .
 initial blood gas had a ph of 6 . 91 , a c02 of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 .
 the patient was kept  nothing by mouth due to his aspiration risk .
 the patient is a 70 year or years old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of parieto - occipital  swelling .
 he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial continuous positive airway pressure .
 differential diagnosis for chest pain also includes  lung lung blood clot , pulm failure , , pleurisy , and  lung infection .
 during this admission blood cultures ,  body imaging torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis .
 as he was only on his  chest x - for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication .
 on admission to the  intensive care unit , vitals were : 97 . 8 , 68 , 97 / 59 , 97 % on  blood of red blood cells .
 in the  medical intensive care unit she was placed on two  by mouth ' s ( dilantin and keppra ) .
 heart doctor had been consulted and  patient started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more to low 100 ' s , so was transferred to heart doctor service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 [MASK]
 he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen - containing sleep aid for insomnia .
 patient was maintained on a  ventilator - reb to maintain and fingersticks were unremarkable .
 patient was given 500cc normal saline , had basic labs ( no imaging ) .
  patient has been on  angiotensin - converting for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay .
 he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation .
 his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated  follow up appointments .
 she was given gentamicin and admitted to the  medical intensive care unit .
 the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in back neck space .
 the culture showed : stain ( final 2171 - 11 - 22 ) : no polymorphonuclear leukocytes seen .
 mr known lastname is a male with parkinson ' s  brain brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise ,  shortness of breath , fevers .
 given his post - test estimated probability of  of of of blood was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation .
 [MASK] ultrasound was done that was negative for acute .
 he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able .
 urinary output was a total of 400 cc while in  emergency department .
 she was briefly placed on  post - operation , but became very agitated and removed the  flexible catheter .
 the cerebellar signs and amnesia , fit well with well - known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to  and carbon monoxide poisoning .
  digestive track bleed on the floor she was initially stable with stable proportion of red blood cells .
 a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for breathing failure .
 there ,  patient was unremarakable ( both the report and the images , which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler of the carotids study was reportedly without evidence of .
 age over 90 years old female with history of heart  high blood pressure and  low blood pressure who presented with hypoxia and agitation .
 the patient was placed on  non - rebrerererere for a period of time .
 she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict  oxygen after the procedure .
 the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2 - 3g for 3 weeks  cancer ) , however , would likely be enough insult to cause acute hepatic toxicity from elevated tylenol levels / decreased clearance of tylenol .
 the patient was started on drug for  methicillin - resistant staphylococcus which was quickly weaned off .
 he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the  medical intensive care unit .
 known lastname 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of  high blood pressure and  high blood pressure complicated by autonomic postural  , recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic  after fall , was transferred from  for acute on chronic  with 7mm midline shift
 patient is a 61 year - old female with  high blood pressure , who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with  low blood pressure and , clinically doing well .
  postoperative days 0 - remained in post - anesthesia care unit 2166 - 12 - 29 overnight for brief  by mouth administration , volume resuscitation , 1u , and observation .
 he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion .
 she was being on followup and further staging  body imaging scans were done .
 he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg bid and will receive 3 sessions of ultrafiltration per week as an outpatient .
 there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67 / 45 ,  heart rate 130 ,  rate 24 ,  rate rate 100 . 8 axillary .
 we started her on oral feeds on 2102 - 5 - 15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation .
 a was checked and was 6 . 8 .
 53 yo w w / ms first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) urinary tract infections and seizure .
  blood blood pressure during this hospitalization might have been pre - kidney in the setting of aggressive diuretic use .
  patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
 he had been discharged to rehab on 7 - 7 after being readmitted post surgery for breathing arrest .
 he remained stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech .
 aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed .
 in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for 81 % on room air .
 date range 57887 : on 10 - 14 patient had tube placed and percutaneous a surgical operation tube placed for feeding .
 and improved , patient was extubated after 1 . 5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air .
 + dizziness , no syncope ,  no syncope , extension , or other associated symptoms .
 this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to deficiency of calcium in the bloodstream .
 he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3 - 9 days either ; he reports this is because ` ` i ' m on too many pills . ` `
 she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the  emergency department .
 she has been flipping in and out of atrial fibrillation frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of since that hospitalization .
 he was placed on a 1 : 1 sitter while in house .
 her risk factors for doctor last name included  and and  . .
 a  body magnetic resonance angiography carotids revealed mild - to - moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation , high - grade  of the right internal carotid carotids revealed mild - to - brain brain and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the near , high - grade of the right internal carotid bifurcation .
 prophylaxis : holding heparin , not tolerating boots , cont proton pump inhibitor full code .
 he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum .
 on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily .
 he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures .
 was in her usual state of health when yesterday afternoon ( 7 - 10 ) she began having a ` ` choking sensation ` ` - like pain in her chest .
 they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of hours .
 epicardial pacing wires were removed on day three .
 prominent wave in lead wave in the frontal plane without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular .
 this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187 - 4 - 19 with severe periumbilical pain ,  sick and vomitting .
 initially  angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitor held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of  low blood pressure and .
 the patient had had no chest pain ,  sweating ,  sweating ,  sweating or vomiting .
  ethanol abuse :  patient states her last drink was about 5mo ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture .
 at that time , the family plans to terminally extubate her .
 her repeat  chest x - ray at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital  emergency department .
 patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8 - 19 and underwent the above stated procedure .
 the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on - call liver doctor and / or tumor doctor fellow .
 he reports his last chest pain was on 12 - 10 . .
 she went to her  primary care provider ' s office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92 / 50 ,  emergency care unit of 105 , so she was sent to the  lung infection for evaluation for possible  .
 the patient was fitted with a mask overnight , which he tolerated okay .
 the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , sharp , lower pain ( 7 - 5 , constant , ) with pain in her mid back .
 procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent .
 per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist .
 given the severity of his disease , the surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization .
 3 ) : today advanced  patient ' s diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume  patient ' s outpt insulin 50u  blood filtering + while regular insulin sliding scale .
 international normalized ratio 2 . 0 with fibrinogen 104 the blood urea nitrogen - to - creatinine ratio 64 / 2 . 9 hematocrit 28 white blood cell count 20 platelets 131 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , patient is intubated and sedated and unable to provide further history .
 since his discharge on 12 - 30 , mr . name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol .
 states has had periodic  chest pain , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks .
 year old male with  past medical of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1 - l2 [ lumbar vertebraes ] transverse process fracture and chronic pain who  difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid benzodiazepine and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long - term monitoring admission .
 she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural .
 surgery was consulted and on 12 - 21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous  a a a a a a a a a . .
  low blood pressure : patient test measures the amount of blood sugar attached to hemoglobin indicates excellent control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues with partially low  low blood sugar .
 he will be discharged on a proton pump inhibitor at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily .
 patient was admitted with  shortness of breath , confusion , and decreased hearing in his right ear , and no localizing or lateralizing signs .
 sleep  sleep - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of  - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of , for which she has been on in the past .
 on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with  visiting nursing association services .
 superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of .
  patient continues to be acutely disturbed state of mind and is transferred to medicine for further work - up .
 the patient ' s course was complicated by which responded to diltiazem .
 a  body imaging was negative for  lung blood clot , and a  body imaging of her head was negative for any acute process .
  patient was complaining of light - headedness but no pain .
 per wife , patient complained of  sick and vomited 2 - 3x this afternoon .
 known lastname 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157 - 1 - 28 .
 acute infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , diarrhea and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness .
 the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6 - 16 .
 she was seen by toxicology who recommended n - acetyl cysteine and hepatology agreed .
  body imaging of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal  swelling .
  proportion of red blood cells 20 . 6 prior to transfer and received 1 u packed red blood cells .
 patient was treated with  intravenous fluids and airway was monitored .
 coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic .
 started on protocol and given total of 6 . 6 l normal saline .
 : hypovolemic  low blood pressure as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above .
 dr . last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor .
 : concern is for persistent bleed into the  emergency department and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact pulses on both sides and per ortho , compartment syndrome is a near impossibility in thigh .
 however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly  shortness of breath .
 he also report an episode of left eye viral .
 on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate .
 however , considering  patient ' s poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent .
 a repeat  body imaging at that time was consistent with , and primarily ventral epidural abscess at thoracic nerve pair 6 , and  primarily tagged epidural epidural abscess at thoracic nerve pm 6 , and have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7 - 29 .
 the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on  cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event .
  patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine  by vein , and valium .
 his  low blood pressure resolved (  heart rate 59 on leaving the  ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity .
 she is  electrophysiology into nose placement with episodes of  right implantableator firing .
 he also reports intermittant cough on exertion over the same time period .
 additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix  by vein .
 they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2 - 2 . 5 liters ) and heparinization for his atrial fibrillation .
 possibly going for  high blood pressure -  high blood pressure -  high blood pressure - high dose statin - will trend enzymes until peak .
 in the  emergency department , a central line was urgently placed .
 diabetes - drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1  by mouth with reasonable glucose control .
 throuhgout his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored .
 on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid .
 given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired  lung infection , though aspiration  lung infection remained on the differential .
 he was successfully extubated on 11 - 4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures .
 he underwent a bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level on 1 - 11 which showed strep .
 she was evaluated by surgery , with review of  body imaging films with radiology , and felt not to have inflammation of the appendix .
 acute failure : the patient ' s serum creatinine was elevated to 1 . 9 at  outside hospital from a baseline 0 . 9 .
 on 2141 - 8 - 30 was removed ; site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation .
 there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound .
 prevention : proton pump inhibitor , heparin  transition transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) .
 patient reports using 600 - 1200mg of advil , alleve on top of advil .
 he was also started on digoxin at the  outside hospital for his  heart ventricular rate and was also started on amiodarone .
 patient then underwent an angiogram , angiographic , angiography on 2170 - 11 - 27 which demonstrated no  narrowing of blood and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery  narrowing of blood vessel .
 she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure .
 atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but nesynephrine was required to avoid unde .
 :  patient was 31 on the last day .
 patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home .
 known lastname 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems .
 vancomycin trough was obtained on 2167 - 2 - 8 and was withion target range ( 17 ) consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended lung rehab .
 blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin .
 he went to the  emergency department with dr first name4 last name .
 8 - 7 : exam worsens , ( + )  belly pain , ( + ) rebound .
 dehydration :  patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low intake and later on with abundant  watery stool .
 was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay .
 patient was put on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay .
 she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139 - 1 - 24 .
 the  body imaging revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a  body imaging was performed , and sludge was extracted .
 in the emergency room he was found to have a of red blood cells of 23 . 3 .
 he also has essential producing too many platelets which is associated with increased white blood cell counts in situations of inflammatory stress .
 his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 .
 the patient had complications of  spinal of the stomach , duodenal stump leak and stricture .
 he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness .
 80 years old female with history ( of ) of stroke from cerebral amyloid who presents with  history of of stroke from brain from vascular who presents with shortness of breath x 1 week .
 * * as a note , the patient ' s lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his pleural effusions .
 the following day his  blood blood cells dropped to 1 . 3 and he was sent for a  heart attack with  with protocol which was indeterminate for  with due to motion artifact but did not show in the aortoiliac or pelvic veins .
 the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro for chest pain .
 he has recieved 11 units of red blood cells , 2 of  red blood cells , 2 of , and 4 of bicarbonate for a ph of 6 . 7 .
 with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below - knee popliteal bypass .
 her symptoms were felt to be secondary to  be secondary to , antiemetics were held and the patient ' s headache treated with tylenol as needed .
 no chest pain , blurry vision ,  blurry vision , ,  , ,  , .
 started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house .
 she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening kidney failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3 . 0 , almost no urine output , and liver function tests in the 7 , 000s .
 she was discharged home to follow - up with dr . last name 957 in clinic .
 at the  outside hospital , concern was for aspiration  lung infection (  chest x - ray demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe  lung ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) .
 showed preserved  blood pumping with decreased movement inferior wall in the  heart territory .
 his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge .
 5 )  low blood pressure : well controlled with poor eating - - recent  of 6 . 6 - - continue lantus , sliding scale , care given poor  of 6 6 - .
 an showed a severely enlarged  left lower lower at 6 . 3cm with an  at 6 . 8cm with an of 55 % and an  of 55 % and an valve area of 0 . 7cm2 .
 as  patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg three times a day ( from latin ter in die ) ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal .
 baseline in 60s - 70s during the day .
 71 year old female with  high blood pressure , who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess .
 heparin bolused and  prothrombin time begun in  emergency department as  patient has missed am fondux .
 we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural  blood clot formation .
 the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago .
 the patient was started on broad spectrum that were narrowed appropriately .
 known lastname 26890 was admitted to  medical intensive care unit from clinic for increasing  shortness of breath .
 known lastname notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling  . .
 seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care .
 she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease .
 no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and were preserved .
 however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized .
 she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor .
 he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to fluctuate , though it overall improved .
 he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration .
 bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without tamponade of the bleeding .
 known lastname 44908 is a 82 year - old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes  diabetes , , who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain .
 she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior .
  patient is an 81 years old man w / h / o avr , 1v , recurrent falls over last few months , multiple pnas , initially admitted on 9 - 30 with fever of unknown origin and diffuse .
 iron studies in month ( only )  after low iron , elevated ferritin .
 she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation .
 : patient has significant risk factors for  high blood pressure , given  given , peripheral vascular disease , long smoking history ,  , , etc .
 he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
 on 2137 - 3 - 1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr . last name and underwent a  heart bypass surgery x 3 with left internal mammary artery to the  left anterior descending , saphenous vein graft to the , and saphenous vein graft to the .
 *  methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus : bacteremia :  found to have infected right internalavian with 4 / 4 blood cultures ( + ) for found to have infected right subclavian line with 4 / 4 blood cultures ( + ) for  . .
 confirms auditory hallucinations telling her to wreak vengeance on herself .
 patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or epistaxis .
 at on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his  fistula .
 known lastname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118 - 9 - 13 for surgical management of his  heart artery valve disease .
 since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available .
 her blood pressure was 80 / 40 and  systolic blood pressure was in the 50 ' s .
 on 9 - 8 code status was discussed  patient ' s wife and extended family members present .
 intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen .
 there was also moderate mitral with moderate mitral backward flowing .
 she resentd with recurrent pain initiall thought to be  not feverish .
  high blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the  emergency department without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
 however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling fearful , paranoid and unsafe to go home .
 crohn ' s disease : patient is  after multiple surgeries with short gut and an  body imaging on chronic  body .
 : likely in part due to early ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from circadian difficile infection requiring aggressive  fluids resuscitation and brief  fluids and admission .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history .
 the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and heart and lung resuscitation was begun .
 the patient is a 45 - year - old male with cryptogenic cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c , ascites , , hepatorenal syndrome and grade i esophageal varices .
 of note , her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar / mediastinal / supraclavicular nodes .
 showed severe  heart insufficiency with a preserved  heart pumping score .
 for surgical details , please see seperate dictated operative note .
 the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical  intensive care unit for hourly flap checks .
 his  systolic blood pressure prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were  overspeed heart rate in the 120 ' s and  systolic blood pressure in the 80 ' s .
 she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with normal saline .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized .
 he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
 80  year with multiple medical problems , including  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease , type 2 diabetes , formerly known as non - insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) . , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated white blood cell , some  high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease , diabetes , , , , with , , blood , blood cell today
 chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on path .
 her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median .
 a pulmunary embolism was noted on the admission  body imaging scan .
 at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid .
 her mental status and oxygen improved as her bicarbonate normalized .
 on review of systems , he denies pain other than his baseline medullary sponge kidney uk : musculoskeletal complaints .
 51  year old male with history significant for  congestive heart failure with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160 - 9 - 10 for  obstructive lung disease exacerbation .
 female multiple  medical admissions for problemname 115 breathing function including repiratory arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the  intensive care unit on 1 - 3 with increased secretions and decreased functional breathing reserve , concerning for neurologic induced weakness .
 on day 7 , she was discharged to home in stable condition after central venous line removal without incident .
 she was taken to the hospital1 18 emergency room for evaluation by emergency medical service ( s ) .
 further evaluation included lung consultation given his severe  blood disease .
 thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain , bone , lungs .
 anal manometry study was performed 1 - 17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation .
 his breathing status improved with oxygen saturations of 96 - 99 % on room air from requiring lymph node cell .
 they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given  patient ' s kindey function .
 the paramedics noted a  heart rate in the 70 ' s which responded to  nothing by mouth .
 she was started on treatment for  lung infection with midodrine and octreotide .
 he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent  body imaging which revealed  and bleeding from right side colon .
 a recent chest  body imaging and spirometry with dr . last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease .
 his chest tubes were discontinued postoperative days 5 without complication .
 discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to [ comfort measures only ] .
 she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper against gravity .
 diabetes mellitus : he was discharged home on a regimen of [MASK] 12 - 10 .
 on 2136 - 5 - 29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction .
  body imaging of the head on 10 - 30 was reviewed and was negative for narrowing of the arteries .
 by this time her wound cultures from 2168 - 3 - 2 confirmed ' beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin  by vein per  recommendations .
 a blood culture resulted on 10 - 2 and showed ' s in 3 - 26 bottles .
 she was readmitted on 11 - 18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at congenital hypothyroidism in association with  belly pain .
 70 years old man with remote history , known who presented with  transient history , known who presented with at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with significant  at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with drop 1 ) lower  drop ( lower bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes  bleed secondary to divertic recurrent several episodes episodes ( 7 - 9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have
 fluids , electrolytes , and nutritio :  patient for now with  blood poisoning until deemed stable .
 an  body imaging was not performed at this time due to risk of herniation with the present  swelling .
 she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to euthermia and subsequently transferred to the floor .
 blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt .
 he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit .
 she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan .
 maternal history was significant for insufficient amniotic fluid which was self - resolved .
 her headaches sound consistent with intracranial  bleeding given their positional nature and suggest continued  leak and symptomatic .
 : ongoing chemotherapy and last name ( ) 16859 , first name3 ( ) oncology .
  patient on pentobarb coma - no corneals , gag or motor response to pain at that time .
  lung disease exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and solumedrol on admission and required  lung blood collect .
 altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 .
 initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hours of high - dose steroids .
 he initially required pressor support but has improved from a  primary care provider perspective and was called out to the floor .
 he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a st .
 right hallux - - during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
 based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment .
 known lastname known lastname is the former 2 . 395 kg product of a 35 - 5 / 7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22 - year - old g1 p0 woman .
 records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s - 130s / 40s - 60s .
 he will follow - up at hospital1 112 with dr . last name 32963 .
 she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva .
 he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and  posterior chest , scalp , and arm .
 7 . 22 / 41 / 294 / 18 , so breathing rate was increased to 22 .
 stage iii  cancer with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone ,  oxycodone .
 he was emergently taken to the operating room for a burr holes for evacuation of his .
 baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant , born by cesarean section for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery .
 he was started on zyvox 4 days prior to this presentation .
 a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2 - 12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation .
 6 - 7 : , fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent  swelling .
 because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a  body imaging head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral but no evidence of intracranial , abnormal protrusion or  brain bleed .
 the service was consulted , and per their the patient received dextran , vitamin b12 injections , folate , epogen 20 , 000 units three times per week .
 47 years old m presented with 8 / 10 mid - sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital .
 known lastname 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124 - 5 - 30 and taken to the operating room for vertebra release through an anterior approach .
 this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7 , using a pig - tail catheter .
 - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath .
 it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds .
 the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions .
 he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower discomfort .
 the wound vac dressing was last changed 11 - 8 , the  patient was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home .
 she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever .
 54 years old male ' d from hospital1 18 with  past medical of  blood of the on 9 - 10 returns 9 - 11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening lung from [MASK] and rehab .
 he remained asymptomatic despite his and continued to maintain good  blood pressure .
 over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four .
 38 years old f with history of type i  cancer ,  requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to  on 4 - 11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( ` ` unable to measure ` ` by glucometer ) , +  high blood pressure , + excessive thirst ,  emergency department
 after this , his  proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the next 3 days .
 patient was transferred to the floor on .
 known lastname past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , status post pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous fistula in the perineum .
 catheterization done on 7 - 19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the  left anterior descending and 99 %  narrowing and a small but normal circumflex .
 at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 u lantus each night , with 3 u pre - prandial humalog .
 elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as though more likely is pancreatitis , no nausea , vomiting , some epigastric tenderness , could be pancreatitis caused by medications , or potential autoimmune .
 he developed syndrome ( creatinine 6 . 0 , 7 . 0 and measures indirect bilirubin and direct bilirubin 52 ) and contrast  body imaging .
 he was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue (  lung infection ulcer ) and breathing sources ( aspiration  lung infection ) .
 upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the  emergency department the patient reported 3 - 25 chest pain and his  heart was notable for st depressions in v1 - v3 .
 she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and  angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitor inhibitor .
 she has a follow up appointment with dr . last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160 - 6 - 17 . .
 however , 1 - 2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and  shortness of breath .
 the  body imaging scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute .
 she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with  low oxygen and increased  oxygen requirement .
 please see dr . name 81819 history and physical for full detail .
 :  shortness of breath - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter .
 2 ) lung blood clot : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus and mild oxygen requirement , a chest was obtained , which revealed a lung embolism .
 she will have a repeat  chest x - ray and  chest x - ray ' s in one month to monitor her lung function once  chest x - ray treatment has finished .
 the patient was weaned off sedation on  postoperative days 2 .
 before he got a chance to take his high - dose prednisone , he decided to come to the  emergency department .
 given the risk of  abnormal heart rate with oral anticoagulation in amyloid proteins called amyloid build up on the walls of the arteries in the brain , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention .
 name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids .
 diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized .
 acid / base status :  blood cell 7 . 16 / 50 / 75 / 19 ,  blood filtering 13 on day of admission .
 she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first international normalized ratio draw will be monday 2 - 24 with international normalized ratio goal 2 . 5 - 3 . 5 for mechanical mitral valve .
 there was a question of fournier ' s gangrene of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the  emergency department .
 was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while gallbladder tube is in place .
 sputum recultured from 2113 - 8 - 6 is growing  bacteria , unspeciated at this point .
 this improved when his diuresis was halted and he has remained relatively  having overspeed without supplemental .
 her heart electrical activity detection showed sinus but was otherwise normal .
 she underwent repeat  body imaging by  body imaging which demonstrated an actively oozing which was treated with cautery .
 with  left anterior descending ,  left anterior descending , and history of ruptured  left anterior descending who presented with chest pain this morning and was found to have an inferior  with total occlusion of  who presented with chest pain this morning and was found to have an inferior .
 left ethmoid :  non - - with with resection / radiation in past ; recent recurrence as prescribed with resection .
 tried  by amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75  to 100  , with caution regarding blood pressure ( mostly 
 : possible sources of infection included  lung infection , rectovag fistual resulting in a septic picute .
 during the time in the  time in the , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
 5 days ago patient experienced 12 - 31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , assocaiated with mild  left leg lower pain .
 we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change .
 post catheterization she had an intra - heart artery balloon pump placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring .
 at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 3953 .
 initially  blood filtering , he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride .
 he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head  body imaging which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190 ' s / 110s ( treated there with labetolol ) .
  postoperative days 4  patient cleared for home with services .
 vascular saw the  emergency department and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure .
 patient received , and anti - cancer agent with white blood cell decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand .
 she will have this followed up by her cardiologist .
 a  endoscopic retrograde was performed on 8 - 6 , and he was transferred to the  intensive care unit following the procedure .
 we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved white blood cell count .
 she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right ventriculostomy drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions .
 he remained in  medical intensive care unit and was discharged to home with  visiting nursing association services on  postoperative days 5 .
 since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the was capped .
 the patient saw his primary care physician in the office and received an heart electrical activity detection which was reported as being abnormal .
 mr . known lastname 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes .
 hypertension - restarted lisinopril , once blood pressure was stable .
 emergency medical service ( s ) was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head  body imaging showed a positive subarachnoid and bifrontal contusion .
  digestive system specialist was consulted in  emergency department who recommended bringing down his international normalized ratio , transfusing as needed , and  once stablilized .
 a repeat  body imaging scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung .
 endocrine was consulted and they rec ' d synthroid 50 , and outpatient  body imaging at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990 .
 iron deficiency : he was noted to have iron deficiency and treated with  intravenous iron replacement in the hospital .
 at this point , her  body imaging scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation .
 she underwent an which showed moderate lung .
 post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit .
 given no  lung infection on bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level , did not cover staph (  bacteria ) .
 in the  emergency department , initial  vital signs were :  heart rate : 97 . 9 ,  heart rate : 70 blood pressure : 197 / 122 ,  rate : 14
 : attributed to his underlying parkinson ' s and  low blood pressure .
 this is a 71 - year - old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain .
 after receiving the diazepam in the  emergency department , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect .
 he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg and 100 mg medicine at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip .
 postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring .
 he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university / college 23633 on 2108 - 6 - 11 .
 serum  serum tests , drug , drug , tricyc negative .
 overnight on 1 - 11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with  intravenous dilaudid .
 extubated early the following morning in  emergency department on indulin and drips .
 in the ambulance , had runs of  overspeed heart rate on and off with  overspeed heart rate .
 doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle brain artery which raised the question of severe fetal .
 she will follow up with dr . last name 497 on 2176 - 9 - 13 . .
 during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical / thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago .
 she states her mother ' s mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1 - 22 .
 foley catheter was ' d , as was her central line .
 by the time of discharge on  postoperative day * * * * the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
 it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal in setting of recent  by mouth use .
 on  postoperative days 1 she was started on betablockade , lasix and statin therapy .
 and lead extraction on 2109 - 11 - 19 ,  blood cell has remained stable , , no signs of systemic infection .
 the procedure was done via the right radial approach .
 they recommended lantus 14 u and humalog sliding scale , as well as metformin .
 a catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with .
 bone doctor was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171 - 9 - 4 for  his right frontalee fracture fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171 - 9 - 4 for .
 she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin  glucose tolerance test .
 work - up included  right upper quadrant ultrasound and liver  body imaging per above .
 74 - year - old right - handed woman with a history of right - sided superior  heart artery stroke and right - sided  swelling presents with left - sided facial droop , left - sided upper and lower weakness in a upper motor neuron pattern , left - sided neglect , and left - sided extinction to double
 she was given lasix 80mg  by vein ,  by vein , placed on a non - rebreather and had a  blood filtering protocol  was she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153 . .
 he then had a bleeding scan which was negative .
 patient was discharged with instructions to return for heart electrical activity detection within one week of discharge , to see  primary care provider in followup for chemistries and  lack of red blood cells ( while on indomethacin ) within one week , and to return to see dr . first name8 last name in [MASK] within two weeks to review
 he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so  digestive system was consulted .
 fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his  low blood pressure improved .
  patient is a 72 years old male with  past medical history of  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease with stent leg ( ?
 he was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit for further monitoring .
 she was seen by  digestive doctor on 2187 - 8 - 23 and started on olanzapine 2 . 5mg hospital1 with improvement .
  patient had flat jugular venous pressure and warm , no evidence of  of of the the of the the of the the . the . .
 the following morning ( 7 - 13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with blood pressure 80 / 40 and was nonpassage of urine .
 post procedure  heart pressure went 15 - > 10 pericardial pressure from 15 - > 3 .
 74 - year - old  patient with history , papillary kidney cell ca resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal pancreatetomy with splenectomy for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123 - 11 - 1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and unstea
 the patient is a 45 year - old number of pregnancies 5  2 1 , last menstrual period 2131 - 7 - 11 who presented with severe and dysfunctional uterine bleeding .
 with initiation of extension membrane filtration and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to mask .
 his hospital course by systems until the events on 12 - 13 is as
 nervous system : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new  reason event  event recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems  with post - ictal state  toxic - metabolic .
 another  body imaging of the belly was done on 1 - 25 showing increased and perisplenic .
 anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response .
 admitted to  medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg  by vein x 1 .
 after stabilizing in  abnormal heart rate , off and on doing well on  he was sent to the medicine floor .
 the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission .
 patient ' s management at  outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a  blood bump from 1 . 1 to 2 . 7 , thought possibly to be 3 - 20 contrast from  body imaging on 3 - 18 .
 also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
 was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature .
 this was thought to be iatrogenic 1 - 15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for  low blood pressure .
  electrocardiogram demonstrated persistent elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior  brain ' s , and with as well .
 herpes simplex virus and venereal diseases research laboratory ( old test for syphilis ) pending at time of transfer .
 the patient was extubated on 2112 - 7 - 16 ,  postoperative days 2 , without event .
  body imaging performed 1 - 1 showed no evidence of infection .
 known lastname ' long history of prednisone for  low blood pressure , in context of  low blood pressure and  associated with these episodes .
 the  patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg / min  by vein .
 respiratory , respirations :  patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having pacer .
 74 years old f with an extensive smoking history ,  an extensive smoking history , not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with  not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with exacerbation , and found to have  exacerbation , and found to have on admission .
 the patient ' s chief complaint was right flank pain .
 at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation .
 she was treated empirically with vanc / zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge .
 she has not been on any prolonged trips , had any recent surgeries , been immobilized recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one .
 she denied any pain and had a benign exam .
 does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was previosly evaluated by his doctor .
 he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip .
  heart electrical activity detection did not show peaked waves , but rate was 130 - 150s ,  heart rate ,  arteriovenous , i ,  arteriovenous , , ii , v4 - 6 .
 male with metastatic  lung disease lung  lung disease with mets to brain admitted with  lung disease .
 a total of 40  fresh of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of  lack of enough healthy red blood cells .
 she was given sodium bicarbonate for treatment of her  acetyl - converting enzyme overdose as per protocol .
 for management of her rib fractures pain control and lung toilet have been the primary goal .
 :  patient ' s potassium was repleted in setting of  ethanol use & withdrawal .
 amiodarone is known to rarely cause pancreatitis ; the patient ' s amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge .
 when his vision did not return he went to the  emergency department where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 ' s .
 the infant emerged with a good cry , was dried , bulb suctioned and given blow - by oxygen to maintain pink color .
  kidney disease :  patient with history of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month / day ( 3 ) 54267 .
 acute : pain ,  watery stool , and low - grade fever at her rehab .
 iron studies revealed normal iron level , total iron - binding capacity of 263 , ferritin 308 .
 chronic kidney disease on  blood filtering : she was continued on  blood filtering with goal to remove excess fluid with ultrafiltration .
 he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder .
 afterwards , a  body imaging under the left pectoralis , which was thought to be related to the manipulation .
 a subdural drain was placed in the  emergency department and leveled at shoulder .
 her coumadin was held , but her international normalized ratio did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional  intravenous vitamin k with good response of her international normalized ratio .
 she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath , paroxysmal nocturnal .
 this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be choking .
 per rehab notes , patient with low - grade fever on 9 - 23 , pancultured ,  patient with low - grade fever on 9 - 23 , humanonic , with bibasilar atelectasis .
 from a breathing standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask .
 the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus  cancer , right lobe hepatocellular carcinoma , status post radiofrequency ablation on 2154 - 5 - 1 who presents for a liver transplant in a . m .
 was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient ' s cardiologist dr . last name 5686 . .
 the patient was admitted on 6 - 14 for  stomach of the gallbladder of the gallbladder of the gallbladder of the gallbladder of the gallbladder of the gallbladder of the gallbladder of a duodenal mass . and resection of a duodenal mass .
 were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized .
 an  body imaging of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve .
 during her stay in the  intensive care unit , recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving , likely ambisome .
 female with  high blood pressure , history of obesity now  after bypass causing requiring  bypass requiring requiring iron , and history of in the past presents with  and leg swelling .
 three days later on 2121 - 10 - 12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872 .
 throughout the operating room , the patient remained stable and .
 infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin .
 : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe  lung lung disease and  lung disease exacerbation .
 she also has a positive troponin , but had no  urinalysis or  heart electrical activity detection changes and no  angiotensin was given due to the  deficient of the heart .
 18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service c / o abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey .
 a torso  body imaging scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable .
 male with history of non - ischemic dilated (  narrowing 20 % ) ,  high blood pressure , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse since 2 - 13 .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , patient ' s  vital signs were 97 . 7 ,  rate rate 96 , blood pressure 137 / 72 ,  blood pressure 137 / 72 , rate rate 15 , 98 %  .
 was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no of bleeding found .
 transplant team pulled his  flexible catheter line and tip was sent for culture .
 review of abdomen by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for [MASK] .
 there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks .
 he was noted to have decompensated dilated with a showing 3 + mitral backward flowing with an  ejection fraction of 15 - 20 % .
 due to concern for high clot burden in upper , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin .
 the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by heart doctor for potential mitral procedure to repair a heart valve as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this .
 he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with blood pressure decreasing slightly .
 hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness .
 her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re - explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially bowel .
 electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with  low blood pressure and  blood including hypovolemic and loss of bicarb in  hypovolvolemic and loss of bicarb in .
 during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite .
 on 7 - 13 he was noted with increasing  urinalinal and lipase ; magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and as well as worsening bleeding collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was with an international normalized ratio of ~ 6 ) .
 name is a 49 year - old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years .
 bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on  chest x - ray .
 she was given blow - by  swelling and facial continuous positive airway pressure .
 the  primary care provider consulted heart doctor , who were not surprised by the very mild troponin elevation in the setting of likely extension  lung swelling in a patient with known  lung in the the ; they recommended trending the troponin and  low blood pressure ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling  lung system
 patient was given 40  by vein lasix with minimal response .
 was transferred from the  intensive care unit to the floor and the  floor and the drain was  drain was .
  patient had low  blood cells , heparin was ' d .
 blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery .
 in the  medical intensive care unit on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and  shortness of breath .
 his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive .
 will continue at current dose , recheck  proportion of red blood cells as outpatient .
 the right coronary artery had 90 %  left anterior descending just before getting off the posterior descending artery .
 he was closely followed by  ears , , , , , lung , and  lung disease .
 coronary artery disease : had elevated , in setting of severe ,  in setting of severe , blood blood cells 17 - 20s .
 of note in her  primary care provider office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement .
 age over 90 f ( 2165 ) ,  high blood pressure (  blood pumping score 40 % ) ,  high blood pressure ,  , chronic kidney disease stage iv , and history of metastatic breast cancer who presented to the , chronic kidney disease stage iv , and history of distant breast cancer who presented to the [MASK] with worsening lower back pain .
 following surgery she was brought to the  intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
 it also showed an anteroapical  swelling that was new .
 89 year old russian speaking male with s / p cabg in 2169 , medically managed  heart attack 9 - / 2182 , ( not on coumadin ) , syndrome  heart dual chamber  2175 ,  ,  (  45 - 50 % ) , and
 discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted .
 50 years old f with no significant  blood blood blood who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with  .
 she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function .
 all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination .
 continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on  body imaging .
 of note , she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the massachusetts eye and ear infirmary for her macular degeneration .
 lung : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated .
 repeat  body imaging scan showed fluid around the  left anterior descending graft .
 she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
 also being treated for  lung infection ( vanc / cefepime / flagyl for  lung infection ( for 8 days ) .
 target under low - density lipoprotein 70 , but at 78 and this was not perfect non - fasting level .
 she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a  primary doctor next week .
 known lastname 107587 is an 84 - year - old man with hoarseness and left vocal cord paralysis .
 he had a chest  imaging demonstrating his known pleural effuion but no infiltrates .
 desmopressin acetate was avoided out of concern for worsening  low blood pressure .
  liver speciation and sensitivies showed pseudomonas sensitive to .
 with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and beginning to trend back to normal by discharge .
 she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home .
 lastname 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from watt persistent obstruction known lastname stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common hepatic duct extending to hilum .
 by emergency medical service ( s ) report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces , apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week .
 a head  body imaging was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head  body imaging ' s .
 while on the  blood filtering floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitro .
 catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 38 % .
 the patient reports a month long period of exertional  swelling manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback , relieved with rest .
 on depakote at nursing home , but seizure history unclear .
 right lower ultrasound was limited due to patient ' s contractures , but no obvious  swelling of the the body .
 during his stay , a a surgical operation tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings .
 patient ' s vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication .
 subsequent heart electrical activity detection did not reveal any evidence of pericardial .
 they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an  flexible - ,  nutrition - nutrition and multivitamin .
 it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild  shortness of breath , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing .
  patient told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore ,  cancer and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his  was told he should follow up as an outpt by us to his primary care provider and asking him / her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management
 went back to  operating room for sternal washout and closure on  postoperative days 2 .
 61 years old m with past multiple treated with chemotherapy and radiotherapy ( external ) , multiple hospital admissions for  lung disease in recent months , now admitted on 7 - 5 for lower extremity paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , complicated by upper extremity , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now [MASK] .
 following  percutaneous operation the patient had several episodes of  low blood pressure , one of which necessitated transfer to the  medical intensive care unit .
 : paroxysmal known on history with and  low blood pressure during  intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and calcium channel blocker as well as initiation of amiodarone .
 in 7 - 3 , patient complained of  right leg extension pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18  emergency department due to her breathing distress from aspiration .
 she has subsequently developed symptoms of  abnormal heart failure with  shortness of breath , five pound weight ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath .
 he subsequently went into  abnormal heart rhythm secondary to septic shock , with elevated createnine and oliguria .
  lung disease : the patient was diagnosed with  lung disease on  lung disease , and has tolerated 7 + 3 therapy without complaint .
 consider follow - up as outpatient given finding of shunt
 liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
 of note , blood pressure spiked to 198 / 96 during this episode , but trended down to 160 ' s / 90 ' s .
 last year , was at location 38 at which time started celexa , buspar , and haldol .
 he was transferred to the surgery recovery unit on levophed , milirone , epinephrine , and vasopressin with  glucose tolerance test .
 reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an exercise tolerance test combined with radioactive tracer scan on 2103 - 12 - 24 which
 hence she was put on continuous positive airway pressure for some time .
 review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain ,  shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath , ankle  swelling , syncope or presyncope .
 sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to ciprofloxacin and therefore zosyn was discontinued .
 was consulted and emergently placed an  flexible catheter line and initiated  by mouth with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity .
 an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any sign of mass or bleed .
  body - - was done to  outside noting no evidence of acute  outside hospital , or acute  bleeding .
 physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning .
 name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his [MASK] regarding his physical therapy / international normalized ratio levels .
 with  heart rate : new onset during this admission .
 of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here .
 on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke ,  his wife denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic ischemic , deep venous , , deep venous , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , [MASK] , black stools or red stools .
 given enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until stabilized .
 her heart function is stable with a preserved  blood pumping score at 60 - 65 % , no significant valvular abnormality .
 her creatinine initially improved with diuresis but her diuresis limit was reached and she became  low low blood pressure .
  the patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at - home dose .
 the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for diuresis .
 he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18  emergency department .
 the mass was biopsied and revealed an with high grade presence of cells of an abnormal type .
 for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay .
 for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin  glucose tolerance test and coumadin  glucose tolerance test .
 2191 - 7 - 31 remains in  medical intensive care unit , slightly sedated , intubated - weaning to continuous positive airway pressure , then as tolerated .
 while in the  emergency department he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic / clonic , generlized , with face deviating to the left , looked like grand - mal , brief ) .
 the family was not comfortable making her  visiting association on holiday .
 this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency medical service ( s ) arrived .
 there her  proportion of red blood cells were stable and a 3 way foley was placed .
 on transfer to the the patient denied any current symptoms .
 atrial fibrillation with  ventricular heart rate :  heart rate to 150s in the  heart rate , given 10mg dilt x 2 and 30mg dilt with some response (  emergency department decreased to 120s ) .
 the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty .
 the procedure was successful , with recanalization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small in the right  internal which was not flow limiting .
 extraocular movements intact ( see eye movement ) and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 glasses , but did not have them with him during this admission .
 she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic .
 she was initially admitted there on 2170 - 5 - 9 directly from the office for workup of ascites .
 after a few minutes  patient became completely non - responsive and was intubated by anesthesia .
 the patient is a 3120 g , 38 - week , male , born to a 36 - year - old , number of pregnancies 3 , 12 , female .
 for the first several days he was placed in a halo and given morphine for pain control .
 the  body imaging were reviewed with the radiologists ,  digestive system team , and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection / infectious inflammation of the muscles was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) .
 a comprehensive workup for reversible  low blood cell was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , human immunodeficiency virus , cytomegalovirus ,  hepatitis virus ,  hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b , hepatitis c , serum lead , rheumatoid factor , doctor first name , c - reactive protein , erythrocyte sedimentation rate , human chorionic gonadotropin
 this study was limited by gado so they perform another  .
 on exam , she was responding ` ` ` ` to all questions .
 transferred to floor , then after  floor , then after consult , decision was made to  consult , decision was made to levaquin as well , with plan of 7days of vancomycin after her central line  levaquin as well , with plan of of of vancomycin after her central line line .
 as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the  patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation , compounded by an increase in secretions due to [ ventilator - associated ] , the decision was made to proceed to and [MASK] .
  patient placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin .
 after the operation , he was brought to the  operation , he was brought to the cardiac intensive care unit on minimal inotropic support .
 his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge .
 the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse .
 the catheterization showed double occlusion of  left artery , no intervention was done .
 it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal .
 cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs non - alcoholic steatohepatitis cirrhosis complicated by esophagel , gastric , and rectal varices .
 he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the surgery  intensive care unit in stable condition .
 of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis .
 she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course .
 in each case , the  patient was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions , after which she came back into  . .
 known lastname 496 presented to  outside hospital via ambulance from group home for evaluation of pain x 6 days .
 of note patient was recently discharged from  outside hospital in 4 - 29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status .
 her last stress test was a myocardial perfusion imaging test in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects .
 her fevers are likely related to her hiv and possibly her medications .
 entamoeba histolytica antibody was also sent given her  body imaging and  body imaging findings and was still pending at time of discharge .
 patient was in his usual state of health until 2193 - 12 - 27 when he developed rectal bleeding .
 known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive on 11 - 11 for high grade dysplasia of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed barrett ' s esophagus with no malignancy .
 his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by blood doctor , in which they diagnosed him with likely  heart disease type 2 .
  obstructive lung disease : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home .
 home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued .
 a was positive , but given the kidney failure , he only underwent that did not demonstrate evidence of  lung infection .
 he was seen by  physical therapy and felt safe to go to rehab .
 the  patient had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding .
 she will need 3 more weeks of  primary care provider last name ( ) 112289 , first name3 ( ) follow - up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
 of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative  watery stool .
 on arrival to the  emergency department ,  temperature 99 . 8 140 136 / 60 26 96 % ,  saturation : 93 .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , he was  blood flow stable (  systolic blood pressure ) and  rate to 100 ' s .
 he has a history of 18 years ago , with subsequent temproparietal  with right sided residual weakness & expressive .
 a cat scan done at another hospital showed around the sigmoid colon .
 the patient was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit for ongoing  low blood pressure given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional  lung blood disease .
 the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of secondary to a parathyroid and papillary thyroid cancer , status post total removal of the thyroid gland by surgery and right superior surgical removal of the parathyroid glands on 2160 - 9 - 30 , who recovered well but whose course was complicated by parathyroid studding with deficiency of
 12 - 27 : increased pain regimen 12 - 29 : tolerated a regular diet 1 - 2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal , with no evidence of contrast extravasation .
 the patient ' s worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass .
 intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated atrial fibrillation , but these were controlled with medication alone .
 she had no return of  slow heart rate while on the general medical floors .
 she moved him to the floor and started  postoperative days .
 his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6 - 7mg daily .
 and heel  swelling on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204 - 12 - 2 .
 he was transferred back to  outside hospital , was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to lung .
 the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170 - 9 - 19 .
  body imaging showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5 - 2 .
 no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493 .
 pertussis culture / serology , influenza a / b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge .
 vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated .
 on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke , [MASK] , deep venous , lung embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , , .
 please follow up with a repeat  urinalysis at the end of fluconazole course .
 in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by [MASK] lasix .
 she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain .
 was eventually converted to nasal cannula from  outside hospital after better oxygen saturation .
 clear , no bleed , uvula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction .
 a nonocclusive  lung blood clot was found in the  left popliteal vein - mid r .
 she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the  intensive care unit and was no longer in tripod position but still with a  in the the in the high 30s and using accessory muscles .
 she recently underwent angioplasty of the  left anterior descending stent on 2118 - 1 - 19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating / drinking until about 3 days ago , when she developed vague discomfort , distension , and nausea with intake of solid foods .
 emergent treatment : do not resuscitate but okay to intubate confirmed with son .
 the initial streptococcus bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , tetracycline , trimethoprim / sulfa , and vancomycin .
 - continue soft diet for 3 days - continue ciprofloxacin 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg  hospital1 for 3 more days - continuedaprazole mg by by vein .
 antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative .
 he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on  post - operation day two for further monitoring .
 42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate / valium overdose .
 the patient was discharged home with  visiting nursing association services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions .
 also had 3 - 25 episodes of coffee - ground vomiting and continues to feel nauseous .
 lung function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive ventilatory defect ( forced expiratory volume in 1 second , forced vital capacity in 1second . 78 ) .
 89 year old gentleman with history of on coumadin , presented with  history of on coumadin , status - post evacuation , complicated by hospital acquired ,  heart failure exacerbation , new atrial thrombus / mass on and delirium .
 he was transferred to the trauma  intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with .
 she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased  by mouth intake .
 the white blood cell rose today , however , and an abdominal  body imaging was planned , but the  patient became acutely low blood pressure ,  low blood pressure , and  low blood pressure this morning .
 he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain  systolic blood pressure ' s under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti - high blood pressure regimen .
 she has had 30 of urinary output after arival on the floor .
 patient began to exfoliative , from the face downward .
 he had a waxing and waining level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain .
 source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve .
 chest tubes and wires were dc ' d without incident .
 the patient states that when the  patient fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine .
 ceftriaxone was changed to ciprofloxacin for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that .
 the evening prior ( 2 - 18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened .
 she was weaned off of any pressors by  post - operation day three and started on beta blockers .
 his initial  heart electrical revealed revealed  depression in  , , and v2 - v5 with ,  depression in was . 33 ; has since resolved , st changes now read as non - specific .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , he was unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth .
 known firstname known lastname 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of  congestive heart failure on coumadin , heart failure (  blood pumping score 55 % ) , and  high blood pressure on 3l  lung blood pressure who presents to the  emergency department from pulmonology clinic with significant hypoxia with exertion
 patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound leucoytosis and transient alopecia and asked to follow up with  primary care provider .
 also with frequent urinary tract infections , completing a dose of bactrim today .
 anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin .
 in the name ,  patient was reportedly comfortable .
 she was discharged to rehab in 2135 - 4 - 5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of pain and worsening  swelling .
 he also had  chest pain , chills but no .
 on discharge the patient was  not feverish , non - neutropenic , without signs of infection other than a mild cough .
 blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer .
 while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was low blood pressure to 90s / 60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible  lung infection .
 pain : from left flank lesion / fall and superficial wounds .
 2171 - 4 - 12 : temperature spike 103 , started , aline  by vein , changed to .
 overnight into 2 - 12 she was  not fever to 102 . 1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice .
 anti - inflammatory  reason of illness , and for mortality benefits ) ,  enzyme inhibitor 325 mg was restarted in hospital on admission .
 known lastname 72441 was initially kept strictly  by mouth due to his suspected aspiration  lung infection .
 she also received doxycycline while tick - borne serologies were pending .
 per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication .
 she was continued on antibiotics ( amp - sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances .
 his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day .
 has had several sets of enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , v1 - v4 which were new from prior  body imaging done in 2103 - 5 - 29 .
 he was worked - up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and lung function testing .
 she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by  digestive specialist who recommended rehab .
 he had low suspicion for  abnormal heart attack ( negative  lung blood clot ) , and had an that showed relatively well preserved function .
 marked clinical deterioration - clinically today had  right sided dense  swelling , mild neglect and visual field cut on during  , mild and visual field cut on during received fentanyl and versed , per nurses verbal report .
 her blood pressure was treated appropriately and service was consulted for improved management of her  high blood pressure .
 on 7 - 25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his on 7 - 26 .
 the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to .
 * cough :  patient had a dry cough on admission , which ecame more severe during hospital stay .
 failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , partial pressure of oxygen was 66 with [MASK] of 21 .
 the  body imaging showed a focus of in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left centrum semiovale consistent with either subacute infarct vs metastatic lesion .
  liver liver c viral load 55 , 000 , 000 . per  primary care provider records , his  high blood pressure was held upon admission to  medical intensive care unit 2 - 17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that  reason of illness regimen could be causing liver failure ( [MASK] was briefly treated with solumedrol
 appointment scheduled with dr . last name 1940 . .
 electrolyte labs revealed some  blood blood cells which was felt to be secondary to breathing in the setting of  low blood pressure .
 female in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover motor vehicle accident , questionable  transient ischemic ,  brain injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , tourniquet placed on scene ;  patient reports placing r against window as rollover occurred
 in the  emergency department , he was given 6 . 5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin .
 the patient ' s plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient ' s last percutaneous intervention .
 89 year - old male with a past medical history of bioprosthetic ,  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure , diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim , whose airway was never compromised , was observed in the [MASK] overnight and then called out for further management of last name
 71 years old male with history of  lung inflammation ( kappa ) barium meal test with relapse ,  ( ( ( test test test with contribution , , subdural who presents with  , and altered mental status .
 he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility .
 he was admitted to the medical , on  intravenous fluid rescusitation , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and  intravenous fentanyl for pain .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18  emergency department where creatine kinase ( formerly cpk ) > 200 , 000 and creatinine 3 . 0 with  blood filtering + blood , no red blood cells , + muddy brown casts .
 per his parents , his voice is more nasal , as well as slurred and much softer .
 he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions .
 continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with  visiting nursing association on  postoperative days 4 .
 initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157 .
 he denies pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning .
  obstructive lung disease exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed  lung disease exacerbation .
 in addition he will  follow up with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus anginosus ( ) bacteremia .
 his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % .
 known lastname is a 79 - year - old man with a history of type 2 diabetes , formerly known as non - insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) . ,  chronic kidney disease on  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure ,  high blood pressure who presented with aphasia and right face / arm / leg weakness ,
 the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2 - 10 a mile .
 he underwent continuous video  endoscopic retrograde montioring throughout most of his hospital course .
 an  interventional radiology guided  nasogastric tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient ' s unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past .
 distress - on 10 - 29  patient was noted to be at 36 / m sat 90 % 4l / m  room air which prompted a trigger .
 he did not mount a reflex from this probably because he was beta - blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home .
 on the morning of 7 - 12 she experinced repeat  chest radiograph followed by  swelling .
  electrocardiogram show t - wave inversion v3 - v6 and inferior leads , depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of depression in  left leads .
  body imaging was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her  tract as much as possible .
 patient was triggered for  low blood pressure on arrival to  emergency department 70 ( baseline in 90s ) .
 transient ischemic attacks , prostate  cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital  emergency department earlier today when he had acute onset of chest ,  shortness of chest , and back pain occurring simultaneously .
 the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her  discharge and follow up with her primary care provider and tumor doctor .
 acute inflammatory demyelinating ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from  low blood secondary to hemophilus influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination .
 however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator .
 a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family ,  physical care provider , neurology and palliative care .
 the patient was found in the bed by his wife , choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission .
 infant emerged blue , and limp with little breathing effort .
 patient states that his  heart catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysate and only getting 1l fluid out .
 - likely from all of his lactulose , but given recent low grade fever and multiple , a calorie ( small calorie ) differential was negative .
 at hospital6 33 , he received 13 . 5 units of packed red blood cells .
 - 19 years old female with history of depression ,  by mouth drug overdose as suicide attempt ,  by mouth intubation for airway protection .
 transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of  packed red blood cells during admission
 additionally , she received chest  body imaging and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of emphysema and persistent cough with sputum production .
  heart rate was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked .
 he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his  overspeed heart rate was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl  by mouth and versed for sedation .
 shock : source is e . coli urinary tract infection 1 - 29 prostatomegaly .
 this was thought likely to be due to given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep - wake cycle , infection , and concern for possible seizures given quick , involuntary muscle movements .
 several conversations were held with mrs . known lastname 96174 husband and son , both physicians .
 her hospital course was significant for peri - operative arrest and  overspeed heart rate and later a  digestive track bleeding episode requiring stay .
 known lastname 72376 was emergently taken to the  body imaging scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team .
 she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 work supply , bottle date 4 / 5 / 5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg  by mouth ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) multiple
 the following day his  proportion of red blood cells dropped to 19 . 6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his  proportion of red blood cells increased to 26 .
 per  patient will plan to treat  methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia / abscesses with  methicillin - staphylococcus staphylococcus daptomycin to total of 6 - 8wk course .
 post operatively he went to the  intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and blood pressure was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord .
 he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal  overspeed heart rate .
 the patient was neurologically intact and  blood flow stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support .
 nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood .
  chest x - ray done at the nursing home revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim .
 the location 109 was estimated at 0 . 7cm2 .
 white count coming down to 13 and  proportion of red blood cells stable at 29 . 6 .
  low blood pressure - - it was felt that the patient ' s  low blood pressure could have been caused by his  low blood pressure that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting .
 he was also diuresed given his congestive liver and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , she perceverates on the subject of sodium .
 her coumadin ( on for ) was withheld until 10 / 11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9 - 12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday ' s when she receives 3 mg .
 she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels .
 initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer .
 a bowel prep was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge .
 patient then had left main stem stent placed via  intensive care unit and discharged on 2180 - 12 - 2 . .
  patient is a 85 years old male with severe s / p cabgx2 , bioprosthetic , ischemic chirurgiae magister , master of surgery ( british and commonwealth countries medical degree ) caucasian malecardiomyopathy with 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath .
 on 9 - 28 the patient again began to complain of pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9 - 8 .
 she was noted to have abnormal thickening and of the folds , right greater than left , as well as nonspecific circumferential at the pharyngeoesophageal junction on a  body imaging scan of her neck at the  outside hospital .
 the pain itself is not associated with  sick , vomiting or  sweating .
 he beleves that he had a ' cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough , [MASK] and subjective fevers .
 the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin .
 patient should have a repeat head  body imaging in a few months after discharge .
 upon further investigation , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left .
 the patient was monitored on telemetry with no irregular heart rhythm noted .
 he was transferred to  outside hospital for further observation on aggrenox  and nitro and nitro  and nitro to prevent narrowing of the arteries .
 per  primary care provider , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen .
 initial labs were notable for a normal white blood cell ( 7 . 0 ) ,  blood blood pumping score ( 40 . 9 ) , and  rate of 1180 .
 chest x - ray ' s post chest tube removal revealed apical collapsed lung .
 on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots .
 at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 .
 fluconazole  a was started on 12 - 4 with plan to treat until 12 - 29 .
 catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending  left anterior descending , 95 % left circumflex  and 80 % right and 80 % right coronary artery  and 80 % right coronary artery artery .
 the  patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in  emergency department on 12 - 29 .
 he states that the pain is located predominantly in the left lower quadrant , was mostly crampy and  right sharp in character , non - radiating .
 subsequent  proportion of red blood cells found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline .
 another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right abdomen and legs .
 blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some small much fluid and  watery stool .
 she was noted to have  heart electrical activity detection changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes .
 she was initially placed in the  intensive care unit due to her picture .
  digestive radiology performed endoscopy at the time of patient ' s arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non - bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum .
 arrived to the  intensive care unit minimally responsive  minimally responsive no evidence of trauma .
 likely aspiration vs : patient had a history of  lung infection and aspiration  lung infection presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and hypoxia .
 on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with  chest x - ray demonstrating mild  lung lung disease .
 she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( ) 96555 who takes care of her at home .
 the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of dysphagia and difficulty breathing .
 otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well .
 on  post - operation day 2 , the patient had another episode of breathing distress and was transferred to the  intensive care unit for further management .
 history of ventric : episodes of  slow heart rate occurred in setting of decompensated  abnormal heart rate , likely secondary to some demand  deficient supply of blood , but ruled out for  abnormal heart attack .
 she underwent  endoscopic retrograde with 3 bands placed to esophageal varices .
 50 years old woman with new onset of  shortness of breath on exertion and had positive exercise stress test .
 he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of  sick and bloating with small volume vomiting .
 also rec ' d baracath to prepare for  body imaging scan but then had a large episode of  blood red blood cells .
 she will complete a 4 week course of and  low blood pressure with  blood function .
 exam remarkable for 3 / 6 systolic ejection murmur , loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck .
  patient with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with  oxygen saturation less than 99 % 4 / 6pt with cardiac arrest and death pronounced .
 progression of lung fibrosis , right greater than left , likely  lung infection or fibrotic subtype of non - specific interstitial pneumonia .
  patient was transferred to  intensive care unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for blood pressure support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol .
 failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation .
 also found to be in breathing ( initially on  blood filtering prior to transfer from  outside hospital ) , which was thought likely secondary to central and was treated with acetazolamide until improved .
 she denies any recent illnesses , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , nausea , vomiting , constipation , [MASK] , bleeding , myalgias , or rashes .
  high blood pressure ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) .
 she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure .
 likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long - term antibiotics .
 at this time , the patient was evaluated by surgery service for a coronary artery bypass graft .
  post course also notable for  body imaging of the belly which showed demonstrated a possible small  lung disease kidney stone ( workup for  lung disease ) .
 melanotic material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon .
 the patient is a 72 - year - old gentleman who was at the university / college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20 - foot fall .
 unclear baseline mental status , per emergency medical service ( s ) patient visiting from state 108 .
 head  body imaging showed a small contusion with a small subarachnoid  bleeding in the left frontal lobe .
 of note , patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following cat scratch and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) .
  watery stool : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for clostridioides difficile x3 and no other pathogen could be identified .
 neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery .
 blood urea nitrogen / creatinine increased to 140 / 3 . 7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed .
 patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic .
 he received 600mg  by vein clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management .
 international normalized ratio at baseline , bilirubin test and  liver function tests were at baseline or below .
 she also underwent catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries .
