she was taken to outside hospital where 3 peripheral branches of the right right artery artery was embolized , and a catheter line was placed under sterile procedure in the rij .
patient was successfully extubated , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak .
encourage/assist with by mouth ( ( ( ) ) intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily .
38 year old male with known mitral regurgitation and mitral valve prolapse with new onset atrial fibrillation .
he was patient and proportion of red blood cells stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor .
patient became low blood pressure with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium .
transported to outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a heart and transferred to hospital1 hospital .
the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the emergency department , which was found to be 100 % occluded .
patient proportion of red blood cells was stable , did not have blood pressure for 24 hours and was able to tolerat last name ( ) ) , first name3 ( ( ( ) ) ocreaotide drip was stopped .
lisinopril was restarted given his hemodynamic stability and slightly elevated bps .
a catheter was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6-29 .
plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her supraglottic edema decreased .
surgery surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior for for atleast 6 months .
the effusion was noted to be loculated by lung and chest radiograph - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration lung infection .
this resolved after two sublingual nitro vein and patient also has nitroglycerin patch .
his ejection was estimated at 36 % with diffuse hypokinesis .
the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon pericardiotomy procedure if the effusion increases in size .
the patient remained low blood pressure throughout his hospital course , heart blood pressure stable , with treatment for mild as blood blood pressure as above .
at the outside hospital , the patient reportendly had an unremarkable heart electrical activity detection and negative cardiac markers negative x 3 .
heart disease - history of heart artery with only left graft still patent .
she was kept npo until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated .
lung and bk viral loads were sent and returned negative .
a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by body .
he was given tpa and strength improved within 3 hours .
her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced decreased perfusion .
known lastname 1557 is a 71 year-old female with history of atrial fibrillation and heart heart rate ( since november 2178 per emergency department ) who presented to hospital3 last night for shortness of breath .
he was found to grow gbs and id was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for osteomyelitis .
her last name 3041 was dc 'd .
# rhythm : after coming out of heart rate , found to have sinus heart rate , 2:1 block .
name10 907 prior prior to discharge was negative for blood .
his proportion of red blood cells remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet .
emergency department prior to transfer 97.7 , oxygen : 87 , blood pressure : 16 ,
the patient did not require intubation , was managed on bipap and weaned down to nasal cannula .
over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to hypocalcemia .
on 2135-3-19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his blood cells from 25 to 16 .
she was started on dilantin and her level was 12.1 .
known lastname 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for high blood pressure who presents with high blood pressure and acute agitation .
on the floor , he was re-started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2.0 - 3.0 .
42 year old female with h/o kidney 2-26 , etoh abuse , ?
review of systems + per , , some calf cramping and dysphagia on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke , blood clot , deep venous blood clot , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing lung edema for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix .
he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath , shortness of breath or shortness of breath currently .
82 year old male with a history of 6 prior patient 's ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor s/p cath with tight lad and diffuse heart disease disease without intervention .
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit with neuro-oncology , palliative care , and medicine consults .
postoperatively she was transferred to the intensive care unit for close monitoring .
it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput .
body scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant hematoma .
in the emergency department , she had a blood pressure in in the 30 's , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan .
creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization .
post transfusion proportion of red blood cells was initially 24.4 and then increased to 25.6 on 10-22 .
because of intermittent low blood pressure , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while po captopril was started .
he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy lad lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent .
in the emergency department , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1.5 and intravenous fluids were subsequently held .
known lastname seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect .
the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge .
after obtaining a dental panorex , it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery .
also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size .
patient receives large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164-12-12 .
he did not note any of the tightness with exertion .
# high blood pressure : low blood pressure may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening lung infection infection given c/o nausea .
the patient was given levo/flagyl , with coverage later expanded to add vanc and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin .
she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the intensive care unit with her blood pressure closely monitored .
during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins .
87 year old female with history of poorly controlled high blood pressure , high blood pressure , patient presents with shortness of breath of sudden onset the morning of admission .
a 71yo f with pmh acute myelogenous leukemia , neutropenic fever , throid goiter , admitted to omed service for neutropenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics , her course was complicated by acute renal failure after discussion with patient and family dialysis was declined and the decision was made to provide comfort care was made .
prior to that , last icd firing was on halloween .
currently , denies any complaints of shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or shortness of breath .
he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat body was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus .
at the time of discharge on 3-13 he is tolerating a regular diet , patient with an assistive device , heart with stable vital signs .
in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and pneumoboots were started .
# lung infection she was initially treated for lung infection based on her chest xray lung consolidation with antibiotics to cover for hcap organisms ( vanc/cefepime/cipro ) .
in emergency department , denies any belly pain , brbpr , shortness of breath , chest pain , difficulty breathing , light headedness , shortness of breath .
he does have a mild headache without nausea , vomiting weakness or paresthesia .
her blood pressure arterial pressures were 60s/30s .
ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and aneurysm .
he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations .
his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with lasixixixixixix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . lasix .
known lastname 96619 was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor on 2184-8-22 , for further management .
the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189-8-27 .
for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral-femoral cross-over graft were performed .
he took nitro x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes .
on the morning of admission he felt weak , he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand .
this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height .
82 yo man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease , 90 % stenosis on left with amaurosis fugax and possible syncopal episode now s/p carotid stent with good restoration of flow .
his postoperative days 4 am patient was stable with no increased shortness of breath , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up cxr was stable .
male old male w/cad , high blood pressure , and high blood pressure who has a h/o of hepatic liver who presented to an outside hospital chest pain that the day day pain that the day proir to admission .
presented to her name ( initial ) name initial ( pre ) 1 week who felt she felt have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is to to to to diuresis ) started ) started ) started on 40 mg po lasix daily ( at that time with mild improvement in her her her her her her . who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg po lasix daily at that time with moderate improvement in her le swelling .
she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm .
# high blood pressure : patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped .
she developed symptoms of a viral lung infection ( coryza , low grade fever ) which also resolved .
a swab of lesion was sent for hsv culture .
during the patient 's resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection .
he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine .
# high - - -psychiatry consulted , continued on paxil 20mg by mouth , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , the patient was in moderate breathing distress on a venti-mask and was also very anxious .
elevated blood cell and ca-125 are consistent with malignancy .
she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass .
he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels .
he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen .
it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital .
pump : patient with known dilated cardiomyopathy & biventricular dysfunction , ejection fraction 20 % .
she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up .
she remained low blood pressure despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve .
haldol was discontinued 1-5 to prolonging qtc ( reportedly 470s at longest ) .
in brief , the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left hemiarthroplasty repair 2152-2-17 .
received total 1.5mg dilaudid per emergency department in emergency department .
he was admitted to the intensive care unit 2157-7-9 with complaints of dizziness , shortness of breath , fatigue , shortness of breath , and a 13 lb wt loss over the last one month .
he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a pt evaluation .
apgars were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of live , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life .
she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls .
patient immediately went to head body for right parietal cortical with with sulci effacement ; however , negative for bleed .
a repeat body scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change .
plan was for follow-up with interventional body in 3-4 weeks .
she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every 4hrs .
this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , etoh cirrhosis , dmii , who presents one week after icd placement with recurrent heart heart rate . # rhythm : patient had 39 events of ventricular tachycardia with 11 shocks recorded on his pacer .
patient was chronically oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula - - patient tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would reccur quickly .
# depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms .
58 yo f otherwise healthy p/w black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned .
she was treated with a 30-day course of pentoxiphylline .
since is is 3.3 today , will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1-2 days .
this is a 44 year old female who was status post post - post - post - 11 on 2197-11-3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work-up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2197-11-20 .
mr known lastname 61229 is a 50 yo rh m with a h/o melanoma with known mets to spine ( s/p neck surgery 9 mos ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol , who presented to osh last night with weakness ( r > l ) and clumsiness .
she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate pos .
patient was then consulted who tried performing a tips on the night of 4-23 , but were unsuccessful .
he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter .
he was continued on by mouth ( ( ) and started on a statin .
she describes this as a left sided retroorbital severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines .
the procedure was complicated by closure of the pda .
received fluid fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573 icu for supportive care .
routine eeg did not reveal any frank heart activity , but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild of of toxic , metabolic , or anoxic etiology .
the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus .
known lastname complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear .
patient was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable gastric band placement .
he was continued on a ppi as an inpatient .
known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 cath catherization that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease .
she required blood transfusion for dropping blood cells from 30 to 20 with blood pressure blood pressure .
the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes .
date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic pulmonary lung , he was started on/off on a lasix gtt to keep him even for his lenght of stay .
he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation .
overnight he developed transient persistent to the low to mid 20s and became transiently to to the 40s .
his time of death was 13:40 approximately 1-2 after after extubation .
speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status .
reports increased swelling swelling x 2-3 wks , recently started on lasix+zaroxolyn for that .
history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on bipap .
he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175-1-21 ( day 1 was 2175-12-11 ) .
she is frequently admitted to intensive care unit for sbo 's .
the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines .
the blood blood cell labs revealed at a stable proportion of red blood cells and elevated potassium of 5.8 .
she was re-admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home .
his condition improved and patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days .
he has been taking his seizure and and denies any seizure activity , no am tongue biting , no urinary urinary incontinence , no focal motor/sensory sxp [ signs and symptoms ] 's , no blood pressure .
post procedure blood pressure were in the 90s from a baseline of 120-140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure .
4 ) high blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan , high blood pressure , metoprolol .
labs were significant for proportion of red blood cell 31.8 , cr 0.9 , blood pressure < .01 , bnp 2646 ( no baseline comparison ) .
on day of discharge pt and staff felt safe to discharge pt to rehab with close follow up .
known lastname stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening `` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up . ''
he was brought for body brain which showed acute right with with 1.2cm of lung as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal iph with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radiologist directly . )
# fluctuance over body spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management .
lack of red blood cells : his blood blood cells was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent proportion of red blood cells drop , as low as 26 .
patient was called who stated that they would perform in in emergency department .
she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum .
the patient received pantoprazole 80mg ( although ( although ( although ( although ( although bleed appeared more small-large intestinal ) , two large bore placed placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ) .
the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation .
they do suspect thar he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status .
she did not some vaginal pruritis in the emergency room .
he presented to hospital3 on 6-1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive .
# acute on chronic kidney failure : patient has ckd with baseline creatinine of 3.5-3.9 and presented with a creatinine of 5.8 and a hemoconcentrated blood cells .
in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus sinus .
on postoperative - , the patient was discharged to home .
at time of transfer , the patient continued to require oxygen of of 15 , and oxygen of 60 to maintain low blood pressure in the low 90s .
name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with ccu team and neurology .
she was placed on pcp prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids .
in , the emergency department , the patient received a total of 3l ns ; his blood pressure responded to intravenous , so he was bolused again .
he has also been confused intermittently , weaker with two falls at home with no or or or head trauma , and has had poor appetite .
this change was thought to be multifacted with high blood pressure , ca , meds ( dilantin new ) , , , ?
the following day , tues , she could n't sleep well secondary to lower back pain .
patient should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4-5 days after discharge .
# parkinson 's : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet .
labs showed stable proportion of red blood cells at 11.3/ 33.2 ( 11.9/34.6 on dc friday ) .
there is evidence of very severe tracheomalacia with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope , and almost complete obstruction of the distal trachea .
heart was performed which showed aortic stenosis , mild heart disease , heart heart , and moderate hypertension hypertension .
likely of of of felt felt to be digestive tract bleed with no sign of infection ( lung infection with no sign of blood clot , no blood clot , no blood pressure sbp however no ascites obtained ) .
she had guaiac negative stools in emergency department and in emergency department .
the patient did well post-operatively and was discharged on 7-13 .
on postoperative , the patient denies shortness of breath , shortness of breath , dizziness , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , belly pain , dysuria .
initial blood gas had a ph of 6.91 , a c02 of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 .
the patient was kept npo due to his aspiration risk .
the patient is a 70 old old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of l parieto-occipital hemorrhage .
he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial extremity .
lung for chest pain also includes lung infection , pulm failure failure , lung , pleurisy , and gerd .
during this admission blood cultures , body torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis .
as he was only on his ace for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication .
on admission to the intensive care unit , vitals were : 97.8 , 68 , 97/59 , 97 % on room air .
in the emergency department she was placed on two aed 's ( dilantin and keppra ) .
cardiology had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more hypotense to low 100 's , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 tid for a total of one week , with plan to decrease to 400 daily thereafter .
he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen-containing sleep aid for insomnia .
patient was maintained on a international - to maintain blood pressure and fingersticks were unremarkable .
patient was given 500cc ns , had basic labs ( no imaging ) .
patient has been on for for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay .
he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation .
his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated f/u appointments .
she was given gentamicin and admitted to the intensive care unit .
the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in retropharyngeal space .
the culture showed : gram stain ( final 2171-11-22 ) : no polymorphonuclear leukocytes seen .
mr known lastname is a patient with parkinson 's s/p brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise , , , fevers .
given his post-test estimated probability of of of of was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation .
body ultrasound was done that was neg for acute choly .
he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able .
patient was a total of 400 cc while in emergency department .
she was briefly placed on intravenous , but became very agitated and removed the bipap .
the cerebellar signs and amnesia , fit well with well-known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to hypoxia and carbon monoxide poisoning .
digestive tract bleed on the floor she was initially stable stable with stable blood cells red blood cells .
a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for breathing failure failure .
there , patient was unremarakable ( both the report and the images , which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler u/s of the carotids study was reportedly without e/o stenosis .
age over 90 years old female with history of diastolic high blood pressure and high blood pressure who presented with hypoxia and agitation .
the patient was placed on bipap for a period of time .
she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict npo after the procedure .
the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2-3g for 3 weeks pta ) , however , would likely be enough insult to cause acute hepatic toxicity from elevated tylenol levels/decreased clearance of tylenol .
the patient was started on intravenous for hypotension which was quickly weaned off .
he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the intensive care unit .
known lastname 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of itp and iddm complicated by autonomic postural hypotension , recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic sdh after fall , was transferred from osh for acute on chronic sdh with 7mm midline shift s/p right burr hole drainage by hospital1 18 neurosurgery .
patient is a 61 year-old female with high blood pressure , high blood pressure who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with and and anemia , clinically doing well .
postoperative days # 0-remained in hospital 2166-12-29 overnight for brief intravenous administration , volume resuscitation , 1u prbc , and observation .
he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion .
she was being on followup and further staging body scans were done .
he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg by mouth bid and will receive 3 sessions of uf per week as an outpatient .
there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67/45 , heart rate 130 , proportion of blood pressure 24 , blood pressure 100.8 axillary .
we started her on oral feeds on 2102-5-15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation .
a blood blood cell was checked and was 6.8 .
53 yo w w/ms first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) s / s s/p p and seizure .
low blood pressure during this hospitalization might have been low blood pressure in the setting of aggressive diuretic use .
patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
he had been discharged to rehab on 7-7 after being readmitted post surgery for heart arrest .
he remained stable stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech .
aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed .
in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for blood pressure 81 % on room air .
date range 57887 : on 10-14 patient had tube tube placed and percutaneous gastrostomy tube placed for feeding .
breathing and breathing improved , patient was extubated after 1.5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air .
+ dizziness , no syncope , sick vomiting shortness of breath , shortness of breath or other associated symptoms .
this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to high blood pressure .
he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3-9 days either ; he reports this is because `` i 'm on too many pills . ''
she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the intensive care unit .
she has been flipping in and out of atrial fibrillation frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of shortness of breath since that hospitalization .
he was placed on a 1:1 sitter while in house .
her risk factors for doctor last name included hypertension and high blood pressure .
a body body right carotids revealed mild-to-moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation , high-grade stenosis of the right internal carotid bifurcation .
# patient : holding heparin , not tolerating boots , cont ppi # full code .
he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum .
on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily .
he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures .
was in her shortness of breath when yesterday afternoon ( 7-10 ) she began having a `` choking sensation `` -like pain in her chest .
they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of of of .
epicardial pacing wires were removed on post - operative day three .
prominent r wave in lead heart electrical activity detection without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular heart .
this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187-4-19 with severe periumbilical belly pain , sick and vomitting .
initially held held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of low blood pressure and sepsis .
the patient had had no chest pain , shortness of breath , sick , vomiting or vomiting .
# etoh abuse : patient states her last drink was about 5mo ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture .
at that time , the family plans to terminally extubate her .
her repeat body at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital nchct .
patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8-19 and underwent the above stated procedure .
the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on-call hematology/oncology fellow .
he reports his last chest pain was on 12-10. .
she went to her primary care physician ( primary care provider ( primary office who noted an to to to to toss of of , , , , , , , she was sent to the ed for for for for foraa for possibleaa .aa .aa .aa .aa 's office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92/50 , hr of 105 , so she was sent to the intensive care unit for evaluation for possible dka .
the patient was fitted with a oxygen mask overnight , which he tolerated okay .
the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , sharp , lower abdominal pain ( 7-5 , constant , shortness of breath ) with pain in her mid back .
procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent .
per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist .
given the severity of his disease , the heart surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization .
3 ) : : today advanced patient 's diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume patient 's outpt insulin 50u qam + qhs while while .
proportion of red blood cells 2.0 with fibrinogen 104 -bun/cr 64/2.9 proportion of red blood cells 28 proportion of red blood cells 20 -plt 131 on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , patient is intubated and sedated and unable to provide further history .
since his discharge on 12-30 , mr. name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol .
states has had periodic high blood pressure , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks .
45yom with pmhx of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1-l2 [ lumbar vertebraes ] transverse process fracture and chronic pain who p/w difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid rapid and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long-term monitoring admission .
she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural hematoma .
surgery surgery was consulted and on 12-21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous . .
# high blood pressure : patient patient indicates excellent control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues with partially low . .
he will be discharged on a by mouth at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily .
patient was admitted with breathing , confusion , and decreased hearing in his right ear , and no localizing or lateralizing signs .
sleep apnea - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of high blood pressure , for which she has been on blood pressure in the past .
on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with visiting care care care care services .
superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of coag .
patient continues to be low blood pressure and is transferred to medicine for further work-up .
the patient 's course was complicated by heart with low blood pressure which responded to diltiazem .
a body was negative for lung infection , and a body of her head was negative for any acute process .
patient was complaining of light-headedness but no belly pain .
per wife , patient complained of sick and vomited 2-3x this afternoon .
known lastname 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157-1-28 .
# acute infection infection infection infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , diarrhea and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness .
the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6-16 .
she was seen by toxicology who recommended iv by and hepatology agreed .
body of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal and .
blood blood cells 20.6 prior to transfer and received 1 u blood cells .
patient was treated with intravenous and airway was monitored .
coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic .
started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6.6 l ns .
low blood pressure : hypovolemic low blood pressure as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above .
dr. last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor .
# high blood pressure : concern is for persistent bleed into the heart and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact pulses on both sides and per ortho , , compartment syndrome is a near impossibility in thigh .
however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly shortness of breath .
he also report an episode of left eye viral conjunctivitis .
on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate .
however , considering patient 's poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent .
a repeat body at that time was consistent with lung infection , lung and primarily ventral epidural abscess at outside hospital , t7 and t8 have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7-29 .
the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on o2 cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event .
patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine ir , and valium .
his low blood pressure resolved ( years old 59 on leaving the the ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity .
she is after icd placement with episodes of heart rate firing .
he also reports intermittant cough shortness of breath on exertion over the same time period .
additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix by vein .
they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2-2.5 liters ) and heparinization for his atrial fibrillation .
possibly going for high - - - heart disease - high - - - - high - - will trend cardiac enzymes enzymes enzymes until until . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - high dose statin - will trend cardiac enzymes until peak .
in the emergency department , a central line was urgently placed .
insulin insulin - drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1 with with reasonable glucose control .
throuhgout his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored .
on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid .
given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired lung infection , though aspiration pneumonia remained on the differential .
he was successfully extubated on 11-4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures .
he underwent a body on 1-11 which showed strep pneumo .
she was evaluated by surgery , with review of body films with radiology , and felt not to have lung .
acute kidney failure : the patient 's serum creatinine was elevated to 1.9 at outside hospital from a baseline 0.9 .
on 2141-8-30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation .
there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound .
# high blood pressure : intravenous , heparin gtt transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) .
patient reports using 600-1200mg of advil , alleve on top of advil .
he was also started on digoxin at the outside hospital for his heart rate and was also started on amiodarone .
patient then underwent an heart on 2170-11-27 which demonstrated no blood clot and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery stenosis .
she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure .
atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but nesynephrine was required to avoid unde heart rate .
lack of red blood cells : proportion of red blood cells was 31 on the last day .
patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home .
known lastname 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems .
international normalized ratio trough was obtained on 2167-2-8 and was withion target range ( 17 ) .pulmonary consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended pulmonary rehab .
heart blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin .
he went to the emergency department with dr first name4 last name .
8-7 : exam exam worsens , ( + ) pain pain , ( + ) rebound .
dehydration : patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low by mouth ( per os ) intake and later on with abundant diarrhea .
international normalized ratio was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay .
patient was put on a ciwa scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay .
she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139-1-24 .
the body revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a sphincterotomy was performed , and sludge was extracted .
in the emergency room he was found to have a proportion of of of proportion of red blood cells .
he also has essential thrombocytosis which is associated with increased white blood cells counts in situations of inflammatory stress .
his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 .
the patient had complications of pancreatitis , duodenal stump leak and stricture .
he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness .
80 years old female with history of of stroke from cerebral amyloid angiopathy who presents with lung x 1 week .
* * as a note , the patient 's lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his lung pleural effusions .
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 1.3 and he was sent for a heart with pe protocol which was indeterminate for heart due to motion artifact but did not show in in the aortoiliac or pelvic veins .
the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro nitro for chest pain .
he has recieved 11 units of packed red blood cells , 2 of red blood cells , and 4 of of bicarb for a ph of 6.7 .
with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below-knee popliteal bypass .
her symptoms were felt to be secondary to high blood pressure , antiemetics were held and the patient 's headache treated with tylenol as needed .
no chest pain , blurry vision , diarrhea , sick , sick .
started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house .
she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening renal failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3.0 , almost no urine output , and liver function tests in the 7,000s .
she was discharged home to follow-up with dr. last name 957 in clinic .
at the outside hospital , concern was for aspiration lung infection ( body demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe lung ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) .
heart electrical activity detection showed preserved lvef with hypokinetic inferior wall in the rca territory .
his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge .
5 ) high blood pressure : well controlled with poor eating -- recent of red blood cells of 6.6 -- continue lantus , sliding scale , care given poor by mouth .
an heart showed a severely enlarged lv at 6.3cm with an ejection of 55 % and an heart artery valve area of 0.7cm2 .
as patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg ( the dose ( ( the dose she the dose she the ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal .
baseline in 60s-70s during the day .
71 year old female with history of , etoh who who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess .
heparin bolused and patient begun in ed as patient has missed am fondux .
we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural thrombus formation .
the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago .
the patient was started on broad spectrum abx that were narrowed appropriately .
known lastname 26890 was admitted to outside hospital from clinic for increasing shortness of breath .
known lastname notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling havingness of breath .
seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care .
she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease .
no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and inr/albumin were preserved .
however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized .
she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor .
he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to fluctuate , though it overall improved .
he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration .
bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without tamponade of the bleeding .
known lastname 44908 is a 82 year-old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain .
she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior .
patient is an 81 yo man w/ h/o avr , 1v cabg , recurrent falls over last few months , multiple pnas , initially admitted on 9-30 with fuo and diffuse lymphadenopathy .
iron studies in month ( only ) low blood cells low iron , elevated ferritin .
she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation .
# high blood pressure : patient has significant risk factors for heart disease , given heart disease , peripheral vascular disease , long smoking history , high blood pressure , etc .
he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
on 2137-3-1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr. last name and underwent a heart artery x 3 with left artery to the left artery artery , left to the artery artery , and svg to the heart artery .
* lung infection bacteremia : patient found to have infected r. subclavian line with 4/4 blood cultures ( + ) for for infection infection .
confirms ah telling her to wreak vengeance on herself .
patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or epistaxis .
at outside hospital on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his av fistula .
known lastname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118-9-13 for surgical management of his heart artery artery valve disease .
since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available .
her blood pressure was 80/40 and blood pressure was in the 50 's .
on 9-8 code status was discussed w/ patient patient 's wife and extended family members present .
intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen .
there was also moderate mitral with with moderate mitral regurgitation .
she resentd with recurrent belly pain initiall thought to be low blood pressure .
# high blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the emergency department without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling fearful , paranoid and unsafe to go home .
crohn 's disease : patient is multiple multiple surgeries with short gut and an ileostomy on chronic tpn .
high blood pressure : low blood pressure likely in part due to early low blood pressure ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from c. difficile infection requiring aggressive ivf resuscitation and brief low blood pressure admission .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history .
the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and cardiopulmonary resuscitation was begun .
the patient is a 45-year-old male with cryptogenic cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c , , , , , , , , , , , , and and andes and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , ascites , sbp , hepatorenal syndrome and grade i esophageal varices .
of note , her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar/mediastinal/supraclavicular nodes .
heart showed severe aortic insufficiency with a preserved fraction .
for surgical details , please see seperate dictated operative note .
the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical surgical intensive care unit for hourly flap checks .
his blood pressure prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were blood pressure in the 120 's and blood pressure in the 80 's .
she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with intravenous intravenous .
in the emergency department , diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized .
he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
80 with with multiple medical problems , including high blood pressure , high blood pressure , pvd , dm2 , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated wbc , some nausea today with poor by mouth ( ( os ) intake who was found to have gpc bacteremia and nstemi on 9-17. .
chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on path .
her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median .
a pulmunary embolism was noted on the admission body scan .
at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid .
her mental status and oxygen improved as her international normalized ratio normalized .
on postoperative days , he denies pain other than his baseline msk complaints .
51 f with history significant for lung disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160-9-10 for lung disease exacerbation .
multiple multiple medical medical medical medical medical medicale 69e failure failure failure failure failure failure failure requiring intubation who was most recently back to the micu on 1 - 3 with increased with increased with increased and decreased mild respiratory , concerning for symptoms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . admissions for problemname 115 respiratory function including repiratory arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the respiratory failure failure failure including intubation arrest requiring intubation who was most recently back back back to the on 1-3 with increased secretions and decreased functional respiratory failure failure including requiring requiring intubation arrest requiring intubation who was most recently back back to the micu on 1 - 3 with increased associated and decreased reserve , concerning for neurologic induced weakness .
on day 7 , she was dc'ed to home in stable condition after cvl removal without incident .
she was taken to the hospital1 18 er for evaluation by emergency department .
further evaluation included pulmonary consultation given his severe lung lung .
# cancer thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain , bone , lungs .
anal manometry study was performed 1-17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation .
his breathing status improved with oxygen saturations of 96-99 % on room air from requiring 3-4lnc .
they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given patient 's kindey function .
the paramedics noted a blood pressure in the 70 's which responded to ivf .
she was started on treatment for lung infection with midodrine and octreotide .
he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent body which revealed body and bleeding from right side colon .
a recent chest chest x - ray ( chest with dr . last name55 her symptoms are her symptoms are more that will for primary lung disease disease disease disease for primary lung disease disease disease . disease disease . disease disease . disease . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and spirometry with dr. last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease .
his chest tubes were discontinued without without complication .
discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to cmo [ comfort measures only ] .
she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper extremity against gravity .
# diabetes mellitus : he was discharged home on a regimen of by - - - 12-10 .
on 2136-5-29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction .
body of the head on 10-30 was reviewed and was negative for body .
by this time her body wound cultures from 2168-3-2 confirmed 'beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin per per per per per per per id recommendations .
a blood culture resulted on 10-2 and showed blood cells 's in 3-26 bottles .
she was readmitted on 11-18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at outside hospital in association with belly pain .
70 yo man with remote hx ugib , known diverticulosis who presented with brbpr at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in-house with significant hct drop 1 ) lower gi bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes brbpr ( 7-9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have hct drop from 41 -- > 36.6 as well as syncopal episode .
# high blood pressure : npo for now with ivf until deemed stable .
an body was not performed at this time due to risk of herniation with the present sdh .
she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to euthermia and subsequently transferred to the floor .
blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt gtt .
he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit .
she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan .
maternal history was significant for blood pressure which was self- resolved .
her headaches sound consistent with intracranial body given their positional nature and suggest continued csf leak and symptomatic pseudomeningocele .
cancer ca : ongoing chemo and last name ( lf ) 16859 , first name3 ( ) ) oncology .
patient on pentobarb coma - no corneals , gag or motor response to pain at that time .
chronic failure exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and iv solumedrol on admission and required bipap .
# altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 .
initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hrs of high-dose steroids .
he initially required pressor support but has improved from a intensive care unit perspective and was called out to the floor .
he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a st .
right hallux -- during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment .
known lastname known lastname is the former 2.395 kg product of a 35-5/7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22-year-old g1 p0 woman .
records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s-130s/40s-60s .
he will follow-up at hospital1 112 with dr. last name 32963 .
she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva .
he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and left arm .
7.22/41/294/18 , so rate rate rate was increased to 22 .
# stage iii nsclc with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone , prn oxycodone .
he was emergently taken to the operating room for a body burr holes for evacuation of his subdurals .
baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant , born by cesarean section for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery .
he was started on zyvox 4 days prior to this presentation .
a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2-12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation .
6-7 : afebrile , fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent diarrhea .
because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a body head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral bleeding but no evidence of intracranial , , or or ischemia .
the emergency service service was consulted , and per their recs the patient received iv dextran , vitamin b12 injections , folate , epogen 20,000 units three times per week .
47 yo m presented with 8/10 mid-sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital .
known lastname 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124-5-30 and taken to the operating room for t12-l5 release through an anterior approach .
this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7 , using a pig-tail catheter .
# shortness of breath - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath .
it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds .
the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions .
he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort .
the wound vac dressing was last changed 11-8 , the pt was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home .
she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever .
54 yo male ' 'd from hospital1 18 with lung infection of blood filtering on 9-10 returns 9-11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening edema from from outside hospital and rehab .
he remained asymptomatic despite his blood pressure and continued to maintain good blood pressure .
over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four .
38 yo f w/hx of type i dm , gastroparesis requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to ed on 4-11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( `` unable to measure '' by glucometer ) , + polyuria , + polydipsia , nausea with emesis , and headache .
after this , his proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the next 3 days .
patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days .
known lastname past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , status post pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous fistula in the perineum .
heart catheterization done on 7-19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the heart artery artery and 99 % rca and a small but normal circumflex .
at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 u lantus each night , with 3 u pre-prandial humalog .
# elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as blood clot though more likely is pancreatitis , no nausea , vomiting , some epigastric tenderness , could be pancreatitis caused by medications , or potential autoimmune .
he developed kidney syndrome ( blood cell 6.0 , international normalized ratio 7.0 and t.bili 52 ) and contrast nephropathy .
he was admitted to the intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue ( le ulcer ) and lung infection sources ( aspiration lung infection ) .
upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the emergency department the patient reported 3-25 chest pain and his heart electrical activity detection was notable for st depressions in v1-v3 .
she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and high blood pressure inhibitor .
she has a follow up appointment with dr. last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160-6-17. .
however , 1-2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and shortness of breath .
the body scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute .
she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with shortness of breath and increased oxygen requirement .
please see dr.name 81819 for for full detail .
high blood pressure : kidney - - improved - improved with free bowel to 1 liter . to 1 liter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter .
2 ) lung lung disease : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus low blood pressure and mild oxygen requirement , a chest chest was obtained , which revealed a lung lung embolism .
she will have a repeat chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) and patient 's in one month to monitor her lung function once by mouth treatment has finished .
the patient was weaned off sedation on postoperative days # 2 .
before he got a chance to take his high-dose prednisone , he decided to come to the emergency department .
given the risk of high blood pressure with oral anticoagulation in amyloid angiiopathy , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention .
name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids .
diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized .
# acid/base status : / status : 7.16/50/75/19 , ag 13 on day of admission .
she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first inr draw will be monday 2-24 with international normalized ratio goal 2.5-3.5 for mechanical mitral valve .
there was a question of fournier 's gangrene of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the emergency department .
lung was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while tube tube is in place .
sputum recultured from 2113-8-6 is growing gnr , unspeciated at this point .
this improved when his diuresis was halted and he has remained relatively without without supplemental lasix .
her heart electrical activity detection showed sinus heart but was otherwise normal .
she underwent repeat by bloody by body which demonstrated an actively oozing which which was treated with cautery .
with high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure and h/o ruptured male who presented with chest pain this a.m. and was found to have an inferior stemi with total occlusion of rca .
# left ethmoid by : with with rx with resection/radiation in past ; recent recurrence rx'ed with resection .
tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 tid to 100 qid , with caution regarding bp ( mostly sbp 100-130 ) and concern for potential to throw a clot if converted to sinus given not anticoagulating in setting of gi bleed .
# lung infection : possible sources of infection included lung infection , vs rectovag fistual vs meningitis resulting in a septic picute .
during the time in the emergency department , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
5 days ago patient experienced 12-31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , assocaiated with mild lower lower pain pain .
we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change .
post catheterization she had an heart balloon pump placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring .
at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an international normalized inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 3953 .
initially patient , he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride .
he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head which which showed a left left which ble bleed ; his blood pressure on presentation were were were ' s / 100s ( s / 100s ( treated with iv labllllllllllllll which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190's/110s ( treated there with blood pressure labetolol ) .
postoperative days # 4 patient cleared for home with services .
vascular saw the emergency department and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure .
patient received leukophoresis , and white blood cells with proportion of red blood cells decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand .
she will have this followed up by her cardiologist .
a blood vessel was performed on 8-6 , and he was transferred to the intensive care unit following the procedure .
we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved low blood cells count .
she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right ventriculostomy drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions .
he remained in medical intensive care unit and was discharged to home with visiting care care care care services on postoperative days # 5 .
since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped .
the patient saw his primary care physician in the office and received an blood pressure which was reported as being abnormal .
mr.known lastname 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes .
high - - - restart - restarted lisinopril , intravenous once proportion of red blood cells was stable .
patient was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head showed showed a positive subarachnoid hemorrhage and bifrontal contusion .
doctor was consulted in emergency department who recommended bringing down his blood pressure , transfusing as needed , and egd once stablilized .
a repeat body scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung .
endocrine was consulted and they rec 'd synthroid 50 , and outpatient at location at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990 .
iron deficiency anemia : he was noted to have iron deficiency anemia and treated with iv iron replacement in the hospital .
at this point , her body scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation .
she underwent an body which showed moderate lung edema .
post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit .
given no lung on bal , did not cover staph lung ( mrsa ) .
in the emergency department , initial vital signs signs were : blood pressure : 97.9 , blood pressure : 70 70 blood pressure : 197/122 , heart rate : 14
# high blood pressure : attributed to his underlying parkinson 's and dementia .
this is a 71-year-old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain .
after receiving the diazepam in the emergency department , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect .
he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg by mouth and 100 mg by at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip .
postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring .
he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university/college 23633 on 2108-6-11 .
serum asa , acetmnphn , intravenous , tricyc negative .
overnight on 1-11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with by mouth dilaudid .
extubated early the following morning in sr on indulin and neo drips .
in the ambulance , had runs of heart rate on and off with heart rate .
doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle cerebral artery which raised the question of severe fetal anemia .
she will follow up with dr. last name 497 on 2176-9-13. .
during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical/thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago .
she states her mother 's mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1-22 .
foley catheter was d/c 'd , as was her central line .
by the time of discharge on postoperative * * * * the patient was patient freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal the in setting of recent by mouth use .
on postoperative days # 1 she was started on betablockade , lasix and statin therapy .
heart heart artery and lead extraction on 2109-11-19 , patient has remained heart blood pressure stable , heart rate , no signs of systemic infection .
the procedure was done via the right radial approach .
they recommended lantus 14 u qhs and humalog sliding scale , as well as metformin .
a heart catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with angioplasty .
doctor was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171-9-4 for orif .
she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin gtt .
work-up included body ultrasound and liver body per above .
74-year-old right-handed woman with a history of right-sided superior mca stroke and right-sided sdh presents with left-sided facial droop , left-sided upper and lower extremity weakness in a umn pattern , left-sided neglect , and left-sided extinction to double touch .
she was given lasix 80mg iv , po mucomyst , placed on a non-rebreather and had a pe protocol ct. she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153. .
he then had a bleeding scan which was negative .
patient was discharged with instructions to return for echocardiogram within one week of discharge , to see pcp in followup for chemistries and blood ( while on indomethacin ) within one week , and to return to see dr. first name8 last name in in within two weeks to review echocardiogram results .
he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so was consulted was consulted .
fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his ms improved .
patient is a 72 years old male with history of of heart disease , heart disease , heart disease with stent leg ( ?
he was admitted to the intensive care unit for further monitoring .
she was seen by psych on 2187-8-23 and started on olanzapine 2.5mg hospital1 with improvement .
patient had flat jvp and warm extremities , no evidence of swelling .
the following morning ( 7-13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with bp 80/40 and was anuric .
post procedure blood pressure pressure went went pressure went drom 15- > 10 pericardial pressure from 15- > 3 .
74-year-old m with hx htn , papillary renal cell ca s/p resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal pancreatetomy with splenectomy for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123-11-1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and unsteadiness .
the patient is a 45 year-old years 5 1 1 , last menstrual period 2131-7-11 who presented with severe high blood pressure and dysfunctional uterine bleeding .
with initiation of blood pressure / blood pressure and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask .
his hospital course by systems until the events on 12-13 is as
# high blood pressure : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new heart event vs. recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems vs. with post - - with post-ictal state vs. toxic-metabolic .
another ct of the body was done on 1-25 showing increased and and perisplenic ascites .
anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response .
admitted to medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg by x 1 .
after stabilizing in intensive care unit , off blood pressure and on doing well on he he was sent to the medicine floor .
the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission .
patient 's management at outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a cr bump from 1.1 to 2.7 , thought possibly to be 3-20 contrast nephropathy from lung on 3-18 .
also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal .
in the emergency department , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature .
this was thought to be iatrogenic 1-15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for heart disease .
heart electrical activity detection demonstrated persistent heart elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior ekg 's , and with as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well .
csf hsv and vdrl pending at time of transfer .
the patient was extubated on 2112-7-16 , postoperative days # 2 , without event .
heart electrical activity detection performed 1-1 showed no evidence of infection .
known lastname ' long history of prednisone for high blood pressure , in context of heart rate and shortness of breath associated with these episodes .
the patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg/min gtt .
high blood pressure : patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having heart rate pacer .
74 years old f with an extensive smoking history , patient not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with lung disease exacerbation , and found to have nstemi on admission .
the patient 's chief complaint was right flank pain .
at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation .
she was treated empirically with vanc/zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge .
she has not been on any prolonged trips , had any recent surgeries , been immobilized recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one .
she denied any belly pain and had a benign abdominal exam .
does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was previosly evaluated by his doctor .
he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip .
heart electrical activity detection did not show peaked t waves , but rate was 130-150s , heart rate , heart , st , i , avl , ii , v4-6 .
years with metastatic lung lung with with mets to brain admitted with lung of blood disease .
a total of 40 u of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of blood cells .
she was given by mouth for treatment of her asa overdose as per protocol .
for management of her rib fractures pain control and patient toilet have been the primary goal .
# lack of blood cells : patient 's k was repleted in setting of high blood pressure use & withdrawal .
amiodarone is known to rarely cause pancreatitis ; the patient 's amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge .
when his vision did not return he went to the emergency department where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 's .
the infant emerged with a good cry , was dried , bulb suctioned and given blow-by oxygen to maintain pink color .
kidney disease : patient with history of of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month/day ( 3 ) 54267 .
acute lung infection : pt p/w belly pain , leukocytosis , and low-grade fever at her rehab .
iron studies revealed normal iron level , tibc of 263 , ferritin 308 .
# kidney on kidney : she was continued on international - - with with goal to remove excess fluid with uf .
he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder .
afterwards , a hematoma under the left pectoralis , which was thought to be related to the manipulation .
a subdural drain was placed in the emergency department and leveled at shoulder .
her coumadin was held , but her patient did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional intravenous vitamin k with good response of her with .
she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath breath .
this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be choking .
per rehab notes , patient with low-grade fever on 9-23 , pancultured , cxr with bibasilar atelectasis .
from a patient standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask .
the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , right lobe hepatocellular carcinoma , status post radiofrequency ablation on 2154-5-1 who presents for for a liver transplant in a.m .
was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient 's cardiologist dr. last name 5686. .
the patient was admitted on 6-14 for body and resection of a duodenal mass .
patient were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized .
an body of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve .
during her stay in the intensive care unit , patient recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving , likely ambisome .
years old with high blood pressure , h/o obesity now s/p bypass causing anemia requiring iv iron q3months , and h/o svt in the past presents with sob and leg swelling .
three days later on 2121-10-12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872 .
throughout the operating room , the patient remained stable stable and afebrile .
infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin .
# lung disease : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe lung lung and chronic disease exacerbation .
she also has a positive troponin , but had no heart electrical activity detection or heart electrical activity detection changes and no heart electrical activity detection was given due to the heart .
18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service c/o abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey .
a torso body scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable .
male with heart disease non-ischemic dilated heart disease ( 20 20 20 20 % ) , high blood pressure , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse since 2-13 .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , patient 's vital were 97.7 , blood pressure 96 , blood pressure 137/72 , rr 15 , 98 % room .
was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no body of bleeding found .
transplant team pulled his catheter line and tip was sent for culture .
review of body abdomen by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for lung infection .
there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks .
he was noted to have decompensated dilated with with a heart electrical activity detection showing 3+ mitral with with an ejection of 15-20 % .
due to concern for high clot burden in upper upper lung , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin .
the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by heart for potential mitral valvuloplasty as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this .
he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with low blood pressure decreasing slightly .
hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness .
her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re-explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially of bowel .
fen-previous electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with low blood pressure and low blood pressure including hypovolemic low blood pressure and loss of bicarb in diarrhea .
during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite .
on 7-13 he was noted with increasing and and lipase ; body was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening hemorrhagic collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was time with an an of ~6 ) .
name is a 49 year-old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years .
bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on chest - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
she was given blow-by o2 and facial swelling .
the ed consulted cardiology , who were not surprised by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / tachycardia in a patient with known cad ; they recommended trending the troponin and ecg ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling sbp < 140 and hr < 80 with iv mtp ; possible stress test .
patient was given 40 iv lasix with minimal response .
patient was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor and the jp drain was ' d 'd .
patient had low , , heparin was dc 'd .
high blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery .
in the emergency department on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and shortness of breath .
his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive .
will continue at current dose , recheck as blood pressure as outpatient .
the right coronary artery had 90 % heart artery just before getting off the posterior descending artery .
he was closely followed by heart disease , pulmonary , and blood pressure .
# high blood pressure : patient had elevated heart rate , in setting of severe high blood pressure , high blood pressure 17-20s .
of note in her primary care physician office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement .
age over 90 f cad heart disease ( s/p cabg 2165 ) , chf ( ef 40 % ) , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , ckd stage iv , and h/o distant breast cancer who presented to the emergency department with worsening lower back pain .
following surgery she was brought to the intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
it also showed an anteroapical ischemia that was new .
89 year old russian speaking male with cad s/p cabg in 2169 , medically managed nstemi 9-/2182 , afib ( not on coumadin ) , tachy/brady syndrome s/p dual chamber ppm 2175 , dm , chf ( ef 45-50 % ) , and pvd who presented to the hospital1 18 ed with progressive sob over the last 3 days .
discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted .
50 y/o f with no significant blood pressure who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with blood blood pressure .
she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function .
all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination .
proportion of red blood pressure continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on body .
of note , she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the the for her macular degeneration .
high blood pressure : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated .
repeat body scan showed fluid around the aortic graft .
she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
also being treated for lung infection ( vanc/cefepime/flagyl for lung infection ( for for 8 days ) .
target under ldl 70 , but at 78 and this was not perfect non-fasting level .
she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a cxr next week .
known lastname 107587 is an 84-year-old man with hoarseness and left vocal cord paralysis .
he had a chest chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) demonstrating his known pleural effuion but no infiltrates .
blood blood cells was avoided out of concern for worsening lung .
bacteria speciation and sensitivies showed pseudomonas oxytoca sensitive to amp/sulbactam .
with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and proportion of red blood cells beginning to trend back to normal by discharge .
she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home .
lastname lastname 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from hospital after persistent cholangitis/biliary obstruction known known lastname stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common hepatic duct extending to hilum .
by emergency medical medical medical medical service ( report ) report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces , apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week .
a head body was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head ct 's .
while on the floor floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitro nitro .
catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 38 % .
the patient reports a month long period of exertional swelling manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback , relieved with rest .
on depakote at outside hospital , but seizure history unclear .
right lower body ultrasound was limited due to patient 's contractures , but no obvious swelling .
during his stay , a tube tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings .
patient 's vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication .
subsequent body did not reveal any evidence of pericardial effusion .
they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an eeg , b12 and multivitamin .
it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild shortness of breath , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing .
pt told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , pt was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his pcp and asking him/her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management further .
went back to operating room ( ak operating operating operating room foralal and for sternal washout and closure on postoperative days # 2 .
61 y/o m with past multiple myeloma treated with chemo and xrt , multiple hospital admissions for pneumonia in recent months , now admitted on 7-5 for lower extremity paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , c/b upper extremity dvt , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now s/p biopsy .
following patient the patient had several episodes of low blood pressure , one of which necessitated transfer to the intensive care unit .
# heart disease : paroxysmal history known on history with heart heart rate and low blood pressure during intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and high blood pressure as well as initiation of amiodarone .
in 7-3 , patient complained of shortness of breath / belly pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 icu due to her breathing distress from lung infection aspiration lung infection .
she has subsequently developed symptoms of shortness of breath with lung swelling , five pound weight , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath .
he subsequently went into low blood pressure secondary to septic shock , with elevated createnine and oliguria .
# high blood pressure : the patient was diagnosed with aml on high - - - - , and has tolerated 7+3 therapy without complaint .
consider cardiology follow-up as outpatient given body finding of intracardiac shunt
liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
of note , patient spiked to 198/96 during this episode , but trended down to 160's/90 's .
last year , was at location 38 at which time started celexa , buspar , and haldol .
he was transferred to the cardiac surgery recovery unit on levophed , milirone , epinephrine , and vasopressin with iabp .
reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an body on 2103-12-24 which
hence she was put on cpap for some time .
review of review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath , shortness of breath , ankle shortness of breath , syncope or presyncope .
sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to cipro and therefore zosyn was discontinued .
doctor was consulted and emergently placed an catheter line and initiated intravenous with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity .
an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any sign of mass or bleed .
body was done to r/o body noting no evidence of acute lung , or acute heart .
physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning .
name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his primary care physician ( primary care provider ( primary care provider ) regarding his pt/inr levels .
heart heart with heart rate : new onset during this admission .
of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here .
on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke , heart disease , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , short stool , black stools or red stools .
given heart enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until hemodynamics stabilized .
her heart function is stable with a preserved heart at 60-65 % , no significant valvular abnormality .
her creatinine initially improved with diuresis but her diuresis limit was reached and she became low blood pressure .
high - - - patient patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at-home by mouth dose .
the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for diuresis .
he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department .
the mass was biopsied and revealed an adenoma with high grade dysplasia .
for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay .
for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin gtt and coumadin by mouth .
2191-7-31 remains in intensive care unit , , slightly sedated , intubated-weaning to cpap , then as tolerated .
while in the emergency department he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic/clonic , generlized , with face deviating to the left , looked like grand-mal , brief ) .
the family was not comfortable making her cmo on holiday .
this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency department arrived .
there her proportion of red blood cells were stable and a 3 way foley was placed .
on transfer to the intensive care unit the patient denied any current symptoms .
atrial fibrillation with heart rate : heart rate to 150s in the emergency department , given 10mg by by mouth dilt x 2 and 30mg by mouth dilt with some response ( systolic blood pressure decreased to 120s ) .
the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty .
the procedure was successful , with recanalization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small in the in the right pca which was not flow limiting .
and and and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 glasses , but did not have them with him during this admission .
she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic .
she was initially admitted there on 2170-5-9 directly from the office for workup of ascites .
after a few minutes became became completely non-responsive and was intubated by anesthesia .
the patient is a 3120 g , 38-week , male , born to a 36-year-old , gravida 3 , para 12 , female .
for the first several days he was placed in a halo and given morphine for pain control .
the body were reviewed with the radiologists , id team , and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection/infectious infection was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) .
a comprehensive workup for reversible etiologies was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , hiv , cmv , ebv , b12 , hepatitis b , hepatitis c , serum lead , rheumatoid factor , doctor first name , crp , esr , hcg , lft , spep , upep , and csf-pep .
this study was limited by gado so they perform another body .
on exam , she was responding `` yah `` to all questions .
transferred to floor , then after id consult , decision was made to intravenous levaquin as well , with plan of ofo of of vanco after her central line ' d . .
as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the icu team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation , compounded by an increase in secretions due to lung [ ventilator-associated lung ] , the decision was made to proceed to trach and peg .
catheter placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin .
after the operation , he was brought to the intensive care unit on minimal inotropic support .
his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge .
the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse .
the catheterization showed double occlusion of heart artery artery , no intervention was done .
it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal .
# cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs nash cirrhosis complicated by esophagel , gastric , and rectal varices .
he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the cardiac surgery in in stable condition .
of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis .
she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course .
in each case , the patient was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions , after which she came back into into .
known lastname 496 presented to hospital via ambulance from group home for evaluation of belly pain chest pain chest x x x days x 6 days .
of note patient was recently discharged from outside hospital in 4-29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status .
her last stress test was a heart electrical activity detection in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects .
her fevers are likely related to her hiv and possibly her medications .
entamoeba histolytica antibody was also sent given her body and body findings and was still pending at time of discharge .
patient was in his usual state of health until 2193-12-27 when he developed rectal bleeding .
known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive esophagectomy on 11-11 for high grade dysplasia of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed barrett 's esophagus with no malignancy .
his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by emergency department , in which they diagnosed him with likely diabetes type 2 .
high blood pressure : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home .
home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued .
a blood blood blood was positive , but given the kidney failure , he only underwent body that did not demonstrate evidence of blood clot .
he was seen by emergency department and felt safe to go to rehab .
the patient had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding .
she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow-up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative urinary tract .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , vital 99.8 140 136/60 26 96 % , oxygen : 93 .
in the emergency department , he was stable stable ( heart rate ) and blood pressure to 100 's .
he has a history of mva/tbi/l craniotomy 18 years ago , with subsequent temproparietal cva with right sided residual weakness & expressive r .
a cat scan done at another hospital showed hemo-peritoneum around the sigmoid colon .
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit for ongoing blood pressure given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional blood pressure .
the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of hypoparathyroidism secondary to a parathyroid adenoma and papillary thyroid cancer , status post total thyroidectomy and right superior parathyroidectomy on 2160-9-30 , who recovered well but whose course was complicated by parathyroid studding with hypocalcemia .
12-27 : increased pain regimen 12-29 : tolerated a regular diet 1-2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal , with no evidence of contrast extravasation .
the patient 's worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass .
intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated atrial fibrillation , but these were controlled with medication alone .
she had no return of low blood pressure while on the general medical floors .
she moved him to the floor and started cpr .
his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6-7mg daily .
and heel osteo on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204-12-2 .
he was transferred back to intensive care unit , , was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to lung lung .
the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170-9-19 .
body showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5-2 .
no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493 .
pertussis culture/serology , influenza a/b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge .
vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated .
on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke , blood clot , deep venous thrombosis , lung embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , hemoptysis .
please follow up with a repeat ua at the end of fluconazole course .
in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by by vein lasix .
she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain .
was eventually converted to nasal cannula from blood pressure after better oxygen saturation .
body clear , no bleed , uvula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction .
a nonocclusive ic was found in the left popliteal vein-mid r sfv .
she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the intensive care unit and was no longer in tripod position but still with a rr in the high 30s and using accessory muscles .
she recently underwent angioplasty of the left artery stent on 2118-1-19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating/drinking until about 3 days ago , when she developed vague abdominal discomfort , distension , and nausea with intake of solid foods .
# : : : : patient but okay to intubate confirmed with son .
the initial streptococcus pneumonia bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , tetracycline , trimethoprim/sulfa , and vancomycin .
- continue soft diet for 3 days - continue by mouth 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg qd .
antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative .
he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on postoperative days day two for further monitoring .
42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate/valium overdose .
the patient was discharged home with visiting care care care care services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions .
also had 3-25 episodes of coffee-ground emesis and continues to feel nauseous .
kidney function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive ventilatory defect ( fev1 .86 , fvc1 .78 ) .
89 year old gentleman with history of heart disease on coumadin , presented with status status status post - status status post post post - status status , chf by hospital infection , new chf pneumonia , new atrial atrial atrial fibrillation / mass on ct and and and . and and and and and and and and and and . status-post evacuation , complicated by hospital acquired lung , lung disease exacerbation , new atrial thrombus/mass on on and delirium .
he was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with ffp .
she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased intake ( per os ) intake .
the patient rose today , however , and an abdominal body was planned , but the patient became acutely breathing , shortness of breath , and patient this morning .
he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain systolic blood pressure 's under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home by mouth regimen .
she has had 30 cc/2hr of blood pressure after arival on the floor .
patient began to exfoliative , from the face downward .
he had a waxing and waining level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain .
source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve .
chest tubes and wires were dc 'd without incident .
the patient states that when the patient fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine .
ceftriaxone was changed to cipro for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that .
the evening prior ( 2-18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened .
she was weaned off of any pressors by post - operative day three and started on beta blockers .
his initial revealed revealed st depression in heart , heart , and v2-v5 with afib , heart rate was .33 ; afib has since resolved , st changes now read as non-specific .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , he was hemodynamically unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth .
known firstname known lastname 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of mvr on coumadin , dchf ( ef 55 % ) , and copd on 3l nc who presents to the ed from pulmonology clinic with significant hypoxia with exertion ( 73 % on 3l nc ) .
patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound leucoytosis and transient alopecia and asked to follow up with primary care provider ( .
also with frequent intermittent infection , completing a dose of bactrim today .
anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin .
in the name , patient was reportedly comfortable .
she was discharged to rehab in 2135-4-5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of belly pain and worsening hematuria .
he also had shortness of breath , chills but no sick .
on discharge the patient was patient , non-neutropenic , without signs of infection other than a mild cough .
blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer .
while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was hypotensive to 90s/60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible lung infection .
# pain : from left flank lesion/fall and superficial wounds .
2171-4-12 : patient spike 103 , patient started , aline ne , ngt changed to ogt .
overnight into 2-12 she was febrile to 102.1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice .
anti-inflammatory ect , and for mortality benefits ) , by mouth 325 mg was restarted in on on admission .
known lastname 72441 was initially kept strictly npo due to his suspected aspiration lung infection .
she also received doxycycline while tick-borne serologies were pending .
per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication .
she was continued on antibiotics ( amp-sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances .
his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day .
has had several sets of heart electrical activity detection enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , v1-v4 which were new from prior ekg done in 2103-5-29 .
he was worked-up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and heart function testing .
she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by by who recommended rehab .
he had low suspicion for heart disease ( negative heart ) , and had an heart electrical activity detection that showed relatively well preserved cardiac function .
marked clinical deterioration- clinically today had right sided dense hemiparesis , mild neglect and visual field cut on l. during patient received fentanyl and versed , per nurses verbal report .
her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her blood pressure .
on 7-25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7-26 .
the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to heart rate .
* cough : patient had a dry cough on admission , which ecame more severe during hospital stay .
kidney failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , patient was 66 with was of 21 .
the body showed a focus of hyperintensity in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left centrum semiovale consistent with either subacute infarct vs metastatic lesion .
hep c viral load 55,000,000. per osh records , his haart was held upon admission to osh 2-17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that haart regimen could be causing liver failure ( pt was briefly treated with solumedrol for reconstitution at osh , but this was discontinued upon his admission ) .
appointment scheduled with dr. last name 1940. .
electrolyte labs revealed some low blood pressure which was felt to be secondary to respiratory respiratory in the setting of low blood pressure .
emergency in in doctor in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover mva , questionable loc , rue injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , tourniquet placed on scene ; ; reports placing r r against window as rollover occurred
in the emergency department , he was given 6.5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin .
the patient 's plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient 's last percutaneous intervention .
89 year-old male with a past medical history of bioprosthetic avr , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim , whose airway was never compromised , was observed in the icu overnight and then called out for further management of last name .
71 yo male with history of of of of of mm ( iiia kappa ) s/p with with relapse , paf , subdural hematoma who presents with hypoxia and altered mental status .
he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility .
he was admitted to the medical icu intensive care unit , on iv fluid rescusitation , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and iv fentanyl for pain .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 outside hospital where blood pressure > 200,000 and creatinine 3.0 with blood blood blood +blood , no blood blood pressure , +muddy brown casts .
per his parents , his voice is more nasal , as well as slurred and much softer .
he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions .
continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with postoperative on postoperative days # 4 .
initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157 .
he denies belly pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning .
chronic lung disease exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed lung disease exacerbation .
in addition he will with with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus anginosus ( milleri ) bacteremia .
his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % .
known lastname is a 79-year-old man with a history of dm2 , esrd on hd , htn , hyperlipidemia who presented with aphasia and right face/arm/leg weakness , found to have a l mca stroke from likely embolic source , transfered to icu for possible pna management and subsequent trach/peg on 2-6 .
the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2-10 a mile .
he underwent continuous video eeg montioring throughout most of his hospital course .
an ir guided gj tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient 's unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past .
breathing distress - on 10-29 patient was noted to be low blood pressure at 36/m w/ oxygen sat 90 % 4l/m nc which prompted a trigger .
he did not mount a reflex tachycardia from this probably because he was beta-blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home .
on the morning of 7-12 she experinced repeat by blood pressure followed by by by .
heart electrical activity detection show twi v3-v6 and inferior leads , st depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of st depression in inf leads .
blood clot was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her gi tract as much as possible .
patient was triggered for heart rate on arrival to heart rate 70 ( baseline in 90s ) .
history of , prostate cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital ed earlier today when he had acute onset of chest , shortness of breath and back pain occurring simultaneously .
the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her primary care physician and oncologist .
acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from blood secondary to hemophilus influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination .
however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator .
a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family , medical intensive care care care unit , , neurology and palliative care .
the patient was found in the bed by his wife , choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission .
infant emerged blue , and limp with little respiratory effort .
patient states that his catheter catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysate and only getting 1l fluid out .
# low - - - - likely from all of his lactulose , but given recent low grade fever and multiple urinary tract , a c was was negative .
at hospital6 33 , he received 13.5 units of packed red blood cells .
- - - - - - - - female with h / o depression , s / p disease , s / p disease as s / p p intubation , s / p intubation for airway airway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - 19 old female with h/o depression , high blood pressure drug overdose as suicide attempt , s/p intubation for airway protection .
transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of proportion of red blood cells during admission
additionally , she received chest chest chest chest and was started on on steroids steroids in setting of of and persistent cough with sputum with sputum with sputum . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of emphysema and persistent cough with sputum production .
heart electrical activity detection was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked .
he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his was was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl nitro and versed for sedation .
# heart shock : source is e. coli uti 1-29 prostatomegaly .
this was thought likely to be due to high blood pressure given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep-wake cycle , infection , and concern for possible seizures given myoclonic movements .
several conversations were held with mrs.known lastname 96174 husband and son , both physicians .
her hospital course was significant for peri-operative cardiac arrest and heart and later a gi bleeding episode requiring requiring stay .
known lastname 72376 was emergently taken to the body scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team .
she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 wk supply , bottle date 4/5/5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg hs ( date 2125-3-17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily ( date 2125-3-17 ) multiple samples of doctor first name in backpack was brought to hospital1 18 , and did not respond to narcan so was intubated for airway protection .
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 19.6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his proportion of red blood cells increased to 26 .
per patient will plan to treat mssa bacteremia/abscesses with iv daptomycin to total of 6-8wk course .
post operatively he went to the intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and international normalized was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord .
he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal heart rate .
the patient was neurologically intact and heart stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support .
nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) done at the outside hospital revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim .
the location 109 was estimated at 0.7cm2 .
white count coming down to 13 and proportion of red blood cells stable at 29.6 .
# - it was felt that the patient was felt that the patient ' s hypoxia could that his that has may may that has has been may is is the the this this is is . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -- it was felt that the patient 's lung could have been caused by his high blood pressure that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting .
he was also diuresed given his congestive heart disease and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , she perceverates on the subject of sodium .
her coumadin ( on for heart ) was withheld until 10/11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9-12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday 's when she receives 3 mg .
she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels .
initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer .
a bowel prep was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge .
patient then had left main stem stent placed via ip and discharged on 2180-12-2. .
patient is a 85 yo male with severe heart disease s/p cabgx2 , bioprosthetic mvr , ischemic cm with ef 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath .
on 9-28 the patient again began to complain of belly pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9-8 .
she was noted to have abnormal thickening and edema of the aryepiglottic folds , right greater than left , as well as nonspecific circumferential edema at the pharyngeoesophageal junction on a ct scan of her neck at the al scan on a ct scan of her her ct scan on a ct scan of her her ct scan . . . . .
the pain itself is not associated with nausea , vomiting or sick .
he beleves that he had a 'cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough , shortness of breath and subjective fevers .
the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by by ntg .
patient should have a repeat head body in a few months after discharge .
upon further investigation , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left .
the patient was monitored on telemetry with no heart heart electrical activity heart heart rate noted .
he was transferred to intensive care unit for further observation on aggrenox gtt and nitro to to prevent vasospasm .
per emergency care unit , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen .
initial labs were notable for a normal blood cell ( 7.0 ) , blood pressure ( 40.9 ) , and bnp of 1180 .
chest x-ray 's post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical pneumothoraces .
on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots .
at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 .
fluconazole iv was started on 12-4 with plan to treat until 12-29 .
heart catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending left , 95 % left circumflex left and 80 % right coronary artery blood vessel .
the patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in postoperative - on 12-29 .
he states that the belly pain is located predominantly in the emergency department , was mostly crampy and intermittently sharp in character , non-radiating .
subsequent hematocrit found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline .
another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right cyanotic abdomen and legs .
blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small lung and atelectasis .
she was noted to have heart electrical activity detection changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes .
she was initially placed in the intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture .
patient performed endoscopy at the time of patient 's arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non-bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum .
arrived to the intensive care unit minimally responsive no no evidence of trauma .
# likely aspiration lung vs : : patient had a history of lung infection and aspiration lung infection presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and hypoxia .
on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with cxr demonstrating mild lung .
she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( ) ) 96555 who takes care of her at home .
the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of dysphagia and difficulty breathing .
otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well .
on post - operative day 2 , the patient had another episode of breathing distress and was transferred to the intensive care unit for further management .
# heart ventric heart : episodes of heart rate occurred in setting of decompensated chf , likely secondary to some demand heart , but ruled out for heart heart disease .
she underwent body with 3 bands placed to esophageal varices .
50 years old woman with new onset of shortness of breath on exertion and had positive exercise stress test .
he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of shortness of breath and bloating with small volume . .
also rec 'd baracath to prepare for body scan but then had a large episode of blood pressure .
she will complete a 4 week course of ctx and f/u with id .
exam remarkable for 3/6 systolic ejection murmur , loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck .
patient with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with fio2 less than 99 % 4/6pt with cardiac arrest and death pronounced .
progression of lung fibrosis , right greater than left , likely lung or fibrotic subtype of lung disease .
patient was transferred to intensive care unit unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for bp support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol .
# kidney failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation .
also found to be in respiratory lung ( initially on abg prior to transfer from outside hospital ) , which was thought likely secondary to central lung and was treated with acetazolamide until improved .
she denies any recent illnesses , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , nausea , vomiting , constipation , sick , bleeding , myalgias , or rashes .
heart ( ( ( at at ( ( at hospital16 ( ( ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) . ) ) . ) . ) . ) . . ) . . ) . . ) . . . ) . . . ) . . . . ) . . . . . . . . . ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) .
she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure .
likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long-term antibiotics .
at this time , the patient was evaluated by heart surgery service for a coronary artery bypass graft .
hospital course also notable for body of the body which showed demonstrated a possible small kidney kidney stone ( for for hematuria ) .
melanotic material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon .
the patient is a 72-year-old gentleman who was at the university/college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20-foot fall .
unclear baseline mental status , per patient patient visiting from state 108 .
head body showed a small contusion with a small subarachnoid hemorrhage in the left frontal lobe .
of note , patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following cat scratch and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) .
# urinary infection : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for lung x3 and no other pathogen could be identified .
neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery .
blood urea nitrogen/creatinine increased to 140/3.7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed .
patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic .
he received 600mg iv clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management .
low blood cell at baseline , low blood pressure and lfts were at baseline or below .
she also underwent heart catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries .
