 weaned off vent to continuous positive airway pressure and was extubated in the afternoon on 9 - 2 by the lung team .
 she was intubated and was resuscitated after 10 - 22 minutes of  arrest .
 he was given succinyl choline and etomidate for intubation .
 had post - op  and was transfused with appropriate effect .
 the patient was maintained on logroll precautions until tl spine films were obtained and read as negative .
 a line placed & sent to  per neurosurgical recommendations .
 this gradually cleared when the [MASK] was extubated and by the last few days of admission her mental status was at baseline .
 per patient , he took pepto - bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days .
  is a 89 years old male with sick sinus syndrome s / p pacer , admitted to neurosurgery with  with acute breathing distress / wheezing on the floor .
 mild right ventricular cavity enlargement with normal free wall motion .
 on  postoperative days six , his international normalized ratio continued to be low at 1 . 3 but it was decided that his heparin could be discontinued and he would be discharged home with  coumadin only .
 possibly secondary to worsening kidney function , but more likely due to acute illness .
 she progressed with physical therapy to improve her strength and mobility .
 known lastname 28272 is a 63 year - old man with  high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease ,  ,  and  with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and  .
  sent sent you sent for contrast sent him for contrast  , which revealed 15 - 20 ring - enhancing lesions in cerebrum , cerebellum , brainstem .
 the patient was aggresively diuresis 4 . 5 litter over the next 36 hours until his creatinine bumped and he was at his dry weight .
 megace was discontinued due to the possibility that this may contribute to the formation of a clot .
 his wound continued to improve and his intravenous antibiotics were stopped .
 in the  intensive care unit , the  patient was resting comfortably in  emergency department .
 he was restarted on coumadin , and his international normalized ratio was therapeutic for a few days before admission .
 she also had subjective  swelling with  suggesting fluid overload .
 later , it was thought that his less urine was appropriate for his nutritional status .
  started to complain about right lower right lower facialal abdominal pain , radiating to right shoulder . started to complain about right lower quandrant abdominal pain , radiating to right flank .
 also developed  chest pain which she states persisted until she reached the  patient , when she was given some medication that helped ( unsure which one ) .
 the mother was treated with ampicillin and received betamethasone .
 there was no change noted in his motor sensory function .
 a bedside echo revealed an  ejection fraction of 20 % .
 - most likely source urinary tract infection with subsequent urosepsis although aspiration  lung infection and infection from chronic right foot ulcer were also considered .
  intensive care unit ultrasound exam performed by  medical intensive care unit staff was thought by  staff to be positive for hemoperitoneum .
 given the extremely poor prognosis based on his initial quick , involuntary muscle status on admission ,  pattern and clinical exam , the patient ' s family decided to make the patient  .
 chronic pain : patient is prescribed methadone by her  for chronic neck and back pain .
 she was initially covered with braod spectrum antibiotics with vanc , cefepime and flagyl .
  brought brought brought to brought immediately to  and for exploratory laparotomy , bilateral orthotopic lung transplant , and trach .
 he was given a tracheostomy and  tube tube after failed extubation and reintubation .
 she once once again transferred to the  intensive care unit in stable condition after evacuation .
 he received one dose of stress dose steroids in the  emergency department .
 most likely abx - related , as cdiff negative prior to discharge .
 it was felt likely due to  so midodrine 7 . 5mg three times a day ( from latin ter in die ) was started as well as a bicarb  for the  .
 he was admitted to the trauma service and monitored in the trauma  monitored closely .
 he does report some cough productive of yellow sputum .
  scan also revealed left common femoral vein  and left gonadal vein  .
 the next day he received 2 units of  packed red blood cells for hct of 24 . 3 .
 was some concern for  low blood pressure , given low urine sodium , though patient was responsive to albumin challenge and maintained good urine output initially .
 other studies including a head  body imaging , neck  , tumor lysis syndrome films , and  , , , , and arm film were negative for injury .
 she was given d50 with subsequent improvement of her blood sugars .
 neurosurgery consulted on the patient and did not intervene surgically as there was no evidence of aneurism present .
  lung infection chest showed likely multifocal  which was possible due to aspiration .
 the  patient has switched physicians several times in the past several months and in the interim , has had increasing  distention , diffuse  pain / pain / pain / pain / pain . discomfort / pain .
 the patient had complained to his  of exertional substernal chest pain for the past two weeks .
 he was initially stabilized after transfer to the  intensive care unit but had a similar arrest twice the next morning each following repositioning .
 her symptoms last for several days and then resolve , but tonight felt particularly weak , which prompted her visit to the  .
 patient taken to the  operating room for exploratory laparotomy , lysis of adhesions and stricturoplasty .
 he ruled out for a myocardial infarction by flat cardiac enzymes and his  angiogram was negative for a angiogram was negative for a  . .
 ct ab with  body imaging contrast was obtained prior to transfer .
 in  emergency department , found to be in 1st degree heart block with left bundle branch block .
 however , destruction of red blood cells labs were negative and no  body imaging were seen on peripheral smear .
 her  body imaging - spine confirmed the type 2 2 . c - spine confirmed the type 2 odontoid fracture .
 fentanyl and lorazepam were administered for breakthrough agitation , with good response .
 post procedure  body imaging showing resolution of st elevations , no indication of stent rethrombosis or recurrent  .
 there was some concern for a l - sided loculated effusion on osh ct scan , but on review of these scans ( compared to prior ) these changes appear to be chronic .
 a  body imaging on day of admission to the  body imaging , showed a unilateral opacification of unclear significance - possibly artifact - and the radiology read noted only  interstitial opacities but no focal  .
 the patient ' s mildly elevated lactate on initial presentation which down - trended with ivf , as well as hypotension responsive to small fluid boluses are consistent with hypovolemic hypotension .
 due to her poor immune status from chemotherapy , she received a dose of ceftriaxone in the  intensive care unit .
 evaluated by vascular surgery in  emergency department , who felt that his  blood vessel was non - responsive and no surgical intervention was required was non - threatened and no surgical intervention was required .
 the patient was bolused one liter of normal saline and systolic blood pressure increased appropriately to 107 .
 she was given lasix for diuresis with substantial improvement in breathing function and decreased oxygen requirement .
 post - operatively , he was extubated and transferred to the post - anesthesia care unit for further stabilization and monitoring .
 patietn was transferred and upon receiveing patient , it was decided that she would need an operation to relive the obstruction , and was therefore booked for urgent laparotomy .
 also found to have  urinalysis , urinary tract infection , and high concentration of sodium with a sodium to 152 .
  was apparently not injured but this morning he was unresponsive and would n ' t follow commands .
 the procedure was complicated by  lung disease while intubated , for which he was on adrenaline transiently .
 beta blockers were titrated to maximum  heart rate as well as a diltiazem drip and he was started on coumadin on post - op day four for his bouts of atrial fibrillation .
 no complaints of shortness of breath , recent  shortness of breath on exertion ,  , ,  , or previous chest pain .
 chest pain in the  emergency department , she had episodes of chest pain often precipitated by food intake .
 she was  patient home with  and planned outpt follow - up with  and pulmonary .
 staff obtained a  body imaging protocol chest  which revealed a small  in one of the left upper lobe segmental branches of the lung artery as well as a superior vena cava clot .
 he denies recent dietary indiscretions and has been taking his insulin regularly in recent days .
 he is scheduled for close follow - up for  lung infection for his recently diagnosed  lung disease .
  left anterior descending showed t wave inversions anterolaterally , new compared with an  from 2137 .
  stable , no further tachycardia , enzymes stable .
 right chest tube was placed by thoracic surgery on 12 - 17 after attempted central venous line placement resulted in a pneumothorax .
 in  emergency department you were started on zosyn for she was started on zosyn for [MASK] , was transferred to the floor on 1 - 1 after stabilization .
 a bedside exam was suggestive of aspiration with this liquids thus a pureed diet with nectar thick liquids was started .
 the patient was continued on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale on the floor , and required minimal diazepam for symptoms .
 only positive result was the vancomycin - resistant enterococcus screen in the  intensive care unit for which he was put on precautions metabolic acidosis developed with ph compensated by breathing alkalosis .
  shortness of breath was in usual state of health until 1am on 9 - 13 when she felt mild  discomfort and  and and dizziness without vomiting after dinner which resolved with maalox .
 though his lactate trended down , his central venous o2 sats were greater than 70 indicating persistent septic physiology despite appropriate antibiotic treatment .
 it was decided that the patient ' s  right foot would not survive and that  bka was the best solution .
 the patient was monitored on continous telemtry throughout his stay without any clearly contributable cardiac arrhythmias .
 respiratory failure - given persistent fever and  , likely bacterial  with hemophilus influenza noted on sputum culture .
 respiratory decompensation / hypoxemia pt was admitted and had copious thick secretions .
 he was noted to have  body imaging on rectal exam , but no active bleeding .
 concentrated hydromorphone 20mg / ml was given and then she was transitioned from  to  .
 she presented to hospital3 who r / o mi by enzymes and  ,  , negative for  , , carotid u / s .
 upon arrival to the  chest to the patient is totally  patient is very free .
  has no evidence of st or t wave changes .
 he was found to have approximately 75 %  of his right carotid artery .
 her  was was significant for mild st elevations in the lateral leads and some st depression across the precordial leads which were new compared to her ed  .
 to note , his  blood vessel filter needs to be removed in the future .
 an  body imaging was performed which revealed a right bundle branch block and there was concern for anterioseptal st - depression .
 she was initially unresponsive and low body temperature and after being warmed she was conscious but incoherent .
  and admitted from  with type b  dissection , uncontrolled  and pain .
 she was admitted to the  intensive care unit and transfused 4u packed red blood cells and 1 pack platelets , with a resolution in bleeding and stabilization of hct ( 16 - > 28 ) .
 a portable  body imaging was done to confirm  intra - reb placement .
 cancer : no treatment now ,  patient has declined treatment in the past .
 he was covered prophylactically with  by vein heparin and a proton pump inhibitor .
 wound cultures show multidrug resistence , complicated by patients multiple abx allergies .
 should he have any  body imaging or  by holter , he should be referred for an  .
 a  body imaging was done which showed only a small  and significantly dilated loops of bowel .
 code : patient was dnr / dni initially upon admission , however the order was suspended to allow the patient to go to the operating room .
 over several days , he otherwise continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis .
 there was no history of recent trauma or instrumentation .
  was recently receiving chemotherapy whose treatment was halted due to progressive fatigue / weakness .
 he has a history of  lung disease and is on dabbigatran for his  blood vessel .
 rad / onc fellow was called who said that no further imaging is needed urgently and that she will be seen tomorrow morning for probable whole brain radiation .
 coronary disease was not amenable to  and was transferred to hospital1 18 for surgical revascularization .
 no weakness / numberness of  swelling ; denied bladder retention or incontinence .
 his right clavicle fracture is not displaced and non operative .
 on review of systems , he has a history of stroke ,  , bleeding with surgery , deep venous thrombosis .
 they suggested the use of  by vein ativan might help a patient with catatonic depression .
 patient denies any history of liver disease , blood transfusions , intravenous drug user , or recent travel .
 given her chronic kidney disease , she was unable to get a  blood vessel , but her  showed no signs of early stroke and no hemorrhage .
  also found found to have high high blood pressure in right common artery artery artery , , , , % with % % % after also found to have high grade  , in right common femoral artery , highly calcified plaque with 100 % occlusion after  severe severe , and profunda femoris high grade disease .
 upon arrival the  body imaging a chest  body imaging was done which showed a marked distended gallbladder .
 informed to contact  primary care provider to follow up results as outpatient .
 she has required hospitalization and steroids in the past , but no intubations .
 her lasix dose was increased and on 8 - 13 , her  right showed a decreased  effuision .
 over her course , she was treated with albuterol / atrovent  along with inhaled steroids to target  .
 his inital upon arrival had > 50 red blood cells in urine .
 the patient states that he was feeling well prior to the dc cardioversion and that subsequently had  shortness of breath on exertion as well as shortness of breath at rest .
 seizures resolved with ativan drip and patient was then maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale without complication .
 they were able to open her  right and  , though upon trying to open the  and while at 22 % oxygen concentration an airway fire occurred .
 she continued to make steady progress and was discharged to location house on postoperative day 6 .
 decadron was also thought to be compoundign his delerium and thus his decadron was tapered .
 known lastname was admitted by her  digestive track after she experienced 7 days of melena and had a positive hemoccult test in office .
 rle cellulitis : hematogenous source of recurrent  lung infection not apparent as blood cultures were negative .
  is a year old woman with history of ms , seizures , and hypothyroidism who is transferred from hospital3 after a 10 day stay there .
  and still on azithromycin presents after noting a blood sugar of 450 at home and developing pain under her right breast .
 she was readmitted again several days later in month 958  similar symptoms and again  .
 she does report some  chest pain but has had no vomiting .
 after he was stablized on oral meds , he was transfered to the floor .
 known lastname 89932 is a 63 year - old woman with diabetes who presented with chest pain and  and changes consistent with non - st - elevation myocardial infarction .
 one day prior to transfer to hospital1 18 ,  patient became tachypneic .
  not be ruled out out out showed low lung volumes , increased interstitial markings consistent with chronic fibrotic changes , and interstitial edema ; an underlying atypical  not not out out out can not be ruled out .
 once intubated his sedation was lightened so he could undergo a neurological examination .
 her anticoagulation was held because of her concerning cerebellar hemorrhage .
 neuro recommended to get  body imaging and to consider  .
 transplant surgery consulted in  emergency department , plan for intervention in am .
 however , low suspicion of sprue given high vitamin b12 and folate levels inconsistent with malabsorption .
 on the evening of admission , she again experienced pain however 3 sl nitroglycerin did not improve her symptoms .
 blood pressure ' s in the 80 ' s came up to 90 ' s with gentle bolus .
 patient was started on levofloxacin , vancomycin , flagyl .
 due to the apical akinesis on his echo he was started on anti - coagulation with warfarin .
 here his initial  chest x - ray demonstrating  by po2 / fo2 ratio of 100 and  with  lower lobe infiltrates .
 his  resolved resolved with treatment of urinary tract infection and constipation .
 in the surgical intensive care unit , maps remained in 60s without further boluses .
 initially started on iv by mouth vanco emperically for possible cdiff as well as levofloxacin over concern for noyy for possible aspiration as as as as as on levofloxacin for antibiotics for for for for .
 his  was unchanged , but a troponin leak was observed over baseline ( 0 . 35 - 0 . 55 ) with an elevated creatine kinase ( formerly cpk ) .
 her nifedipine was increased to nifedipine  systolic blood pressure 90 mg and she was watched on this dose for 24 hours .
 the flow gradually improved with administration of adenosine , diltiazem and nicardipine .
 he had a stress test which showed inferolateral st changes .
 she was treated with a 7 day course of oral fluconazole .
 azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1 - 28 and should be continued for 10 days .
 respiratory distress :  patient was intubated and ventilated in  intensive care unit .
 58 years old male with pmhx significatn for  anti - resistant , current tobacco use and peripheral vascular disease who presents to osh er on 10 - 3 with chest pain starting at 9 pm radiating to both arms associated with  .
 paroxysmal afib while on telelmetry during this hospital stay .
 family was concerned that she had become  much much , being unusually slow to answer questions and staring off into space .
  was performed but not amenable to stent across obstruction .
 his initial  body imaging during this admission revealed an  body imaging empyema .
 gave fluid bolluses to maintained blood pressure , but eventulally ussed pressors to continue to support blood pressure .
 he did go into rapid atrial fibrillation on  abnormal heart rate and was bolused with amiodarone and started on oral amiodarone , as well , with conversion to sinus rhythm .
 at this time she was taken to the operating room for replacement of the left  catheter .
 this was thought to be the cause of her syncope .
 neurologic examination at that time revealed pupils were blown on both sides .
  was started on zydis for hallucinations before intubation .
 88 years old female admitted to hospital1 with above symptoms .
 she was not receiving  medications so a  medications so so a line was ordered for the morning for access .
 he had a push enteroscopy to 140cm which was unrevealing , and no active bleeding or  blood vessel were noted .
 she was continued on po proton pump inhibitor which will be continued as an outpatient .
 despite broad antibiotic coverage the infection spread to the perianal area and more superiorly .
 he was placed on a course of zosyn for thick , yellow bronchial secretions .
 there is an area of t2 hypointensity in the right cerebellum consistent with hemorrhage , with a mild degree of mass effect exerted upon the fourth ventricle which remained midline in position .
 ongoing work - up for possible related rheumatic manifestations thus far negative .
 all narcotics were discontinued due to sensitivity to narcotics and tylenol only was used for pain control .
 the patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction and was given 40 mg of intravenous lasix for presumed congestive heart failure exacerbation .
 she was given  by vein fluids , had a line placed and was started on drug with stabilization .
 solumedrol was switched to prednisone on 3 - 29 ;  patient should complete a 12 day taper .
 the patient is alright with getting pressors and continuing antibiotics , but did not want an arterial line .
 this afternoon , the patient reported sudden onset of lightheadedness followed by a fall , striking his head but without  chesting .
 switched to  ciprofloxacin to complete a total 3 week course .
  heart artery was done noting concerns for  . artery  .
 acute pain service was also consulted given his history of chronic pain and now with his recent traumatic injury .
 he was treated with vancomycin , as well as 1 dose of gent .
 follow up :  patient requires ct abdomen for evaluation of abscesses 1 - 13 septic emboli from endocarditis as outpatient .
 on day of discharge pain was well controlled , incision was clean / dry / intact , [MASK] was stable at 33 , pain was well controlled .
 in addition , she has two nonincarcerated incisional hernias .
 she was given a dose of vancomycin and ceftriaxone in the emergency room for empirical coverage .
 after the propofol was discontinued , the patient began having seizure - like jerking of his extremities .
 she initially presented because she thought she was having dark stools and was concerned for a  which she ' s had in the past .
 by the time emergency medical service ( s ) arrived , she had become ` ` agitated ` ` and was noted to be vigorously moving all limbs with force .
 gi / ercp evaluated the patient and felt that his symptoms were unlikley to be due to cholangitis or biliary obstruction and felt that an  body imaging evaluated the patient and felt that your symptoms were were unable to to to or or or or or and and and was unnecessary .
 operative course was notable for cardiogenic shock which required placement of an  intra - reb .
 right hip fracture : patient was admitted to  outside hospital after intubation in the  intensive care unit awaiting repair for right hip fracture .
 she was advanced to sips and her  was continued .
 she was noted to have pauses with  when she converted from  to sr . she was started on amlodipine 100 mg  and taken off all nodal agents , including metoprolol .
  was offered bipap at night for significant desaturations that occured when she was sleeping but was non - compliant .
 hemodynamically stable with minimal bloody bowel movements since second day of admission .
 today , she visited her  right and could barely walk into the office .
  : patient :  low blood pressure given has not had echo since 11 - 13 , may have had significant decline in  . given her extended hospitalization and breathing failure .
 his creatinine continued to rise and he developed anuric kidney failure over the last day of his  intensive care unit stay .
 per report , the patient was driving erratically to dinner and once tripped .
 he should discuss with his oncologist / pcp if he should remain on fluconazole on discharge .
 a [MASK] did not show a pneumothorax and he was transfered here for further evaluation .
 in the past year she has had multiple recorded systolic bps in the 160 - 180s at various outpatient appointments .
 she had a head  body imaging at the  which revealved bilateral sah .
 his asthma developed at age 20 and is associated with nasal polyposis and  sensitivity .
 ppi was initiated in the  was initiated in the but stopped given very low concern for  but stopped given very low for .
 he was also started on daily proton pump inhibitor as well as calcium / vit labor and delivery supplementation .
 emergency room attending did  patient felt it was not traumatic .
  lung disease ( was consulted as well , and stated he is not candidate for  ( anatomy not amenable ) ; would need ir - guided drainage of biliary fluid .
 the  right collapse was thought to be the most likely cause of her new oxygen requirement .
 the patient was referred to the cardiac surgery service on 2195 - 4 - 21 , for an emergency coronary artery bypass graft .
 patient was continued on lasix 80mg once daily and amiloride .
 her c - collar was cleared by the trauma services and she was then transferred to orthopedics .
 she received blood transfusion at the time and had no reoccurrance of bleeding , with a stable hematocrit .
 upon their recommendations , the patient was bolused two liters of normal saline and orthostatics were checked .
 there were no brainstem reflexes and patient de - satted during  blood filtering test ( see below ) .
 this was complicated by  right mainstem intubation revealed on  which was then pulled back intro trachea .
 she had  belly pain with no fevers or chills and had a regular bowel movement with no blood and no  shortness of breath .
 in past several years , per cardiologist patent lima - lad , with thrombosed svg - om graft .
 according to her husband she has been under a lot of stress with her 15 month old baby and resuming her job .
 her  echocardiogram showed [MASK] pressures of 56 / 35 , wedge of 31 , cardiac output of 3 . 88 and index of 1 . 86 .
 the patient also had blood seeping down trachea from above and moderate tracheobronchiomalacia .
 on the day of admission he had transient chest tightness that responded to nitroglycerin with no change on his  . .
 after discharge , it was noted on her microbiology results that she had 10 , 000  in her urine culture .
 he was also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg three times a day ( from latin ter in die ) .
 patient will have international normalized ratio and  primary care provider followed in the inpatient psychiatric unit after discharge .
 she was briefly admitted to the  medical intensive care unit on a bipap then  .
 following surgery he was transferred to the  intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
 he was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy .
 on arrival into our intensive care unit the patient was found to be profoundly low body temperature with a core body temperature of 88 degree fahrenheit .
 went to her  where she was noted to have systolic blood pressure in the 80s , chills , clammy skin .
 the  right incision staples clean , dry intact with no  swelling or edema .
 after the ceftriaxone is discontinued , the patient should be restarted on her amoxicillin prophylaxis .
 she also has extensive bone disease for which she has been on zometa , as well as medical therapy .
 he also developed a allergic reaction on his back , which appeared as redness , non - raised target lesions .
 he received several  by vein boluses while in the post - anesthesia care unit and had a dilaudid  for pain control .
 she was changed to po pain meds and her calcium values were borderline low so she was started on ca and vitamin d . she was able to ambulate and her foley was d / c ' d after which she had not trouble voiding .
  left anterior descending was consulted who recommended a barium swallow study which showed distal obstruction at the  junction .
 patient was 92 % on  chest x - ray when seen by emergency medical service ( ) and started on 2l when seen by emergency medical service ( s ) and started on 2l  . .
 also there was a failed attempt to pass the  tube tube tube past her stomach , and it remained in her stomach during the admission .
 she also had 1 day of  , which resolved early last week .
 her coumadin was held in the  emergency department given the guiac positive stools and decreased  by mouth .
 overall , the  patient of his  and hypoxia was unknown .
 she was seen by  physical therapy once  physical therapy brace arrived and rehab was recommended .
 the large lower pole of the om1 was totally occluded by  .
 her anisocoria is likely secondayr to arachnoiditis affecting cranial nerves iii as it follows cranial nerves ii .
 echocardiography demonstrated lvef - 55 % with  left dilation and dysfunction consistent with  strain secondary to acute lung embolism .
 cultures were drawn and  was found to have several bottles growing  .
 continuous positive airway pressure was initiated and patient ' s mental status had mild improvement in alertness .
 a third echo was obtained , to specifically look for a shunt ; a ventricular septal perforation was noted on this heart electrical activity detection .
 she tolerated the procedure well , and was extubated , and brought to the recovery room in stable condition .
 he subsequently underwent a colonoscopy which also showed no source of active bleeding .
 was on single - medication , zestril , as outpatient , though blood pressure control is unknown .
 of note , she was admitted with dnr / dni status which was reversed for her surgery .
 his  was managed with close fluid fluid monitoring monitoring , was managed with close fluid status monitoring ,  consultation , and beta blockers .
 he is now  post prior resection , radiation and undergoing trial with chemotherpay started back in 2201 - 3 - 26 .
 was then transferred to the  medical intensive care unit for further recovery .
 she awoke neurologically intact and was extubated without difficulty .
 known lastname had a high - grade  bacteremia from central venous line sepsis , with last positive blood cultures on 9 - 23 .
 etiology was thought to be due to platelet clumping seen on smear , although cdiff infection and amiadarone therapy could not be ruled out .
 she had two  intensive care unit transfers while here given her tendancy to drop her oxygen saturation to the 70s on a  mask with stable blood pressure .
  recommended recommended  abdomen which showed colonic diverticula but no active bleeding .
 suspected due to nsaid use , but its endoscopic appearance on egd was also worrisome for malignancy so  primary care provider will need close [MASK] after acute therapy to esophagogastroduodenoscopy him .
 no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient ' s anticoagulation needs .
 however , she was restarted sequentially on her home amlodipine , metoprolol , hctz , and lisinopril .
 official  patient report from hospital1 18 pending at the time of this note , but patient had successful stenting of her vein graft with  left vein x3 .
 initally ,  patient and synthetic function peaked and n - acetyl cysteine was temporarily discontinued but restarted when  continued continued to peak .
 the  patient was thought to be triggered by pt not following instruction after  by mouth , such as bed - rest and high pressure overnight ( up to 220s  .
 his foley was  patient ' d on 11 - 18 and he was without  .
 post catheter , the patient was maintained on  aspirin , plavix , lipitor ,  and metoprolol .
 he recievbed 2 doses of pip / tazo and 1 dose of vancomycin .
 two [MASK] drains were placed , one at the hilum and one posterior to the liver .
 patient was transferred from  medical intensive care unit floor to  medical intensive care unit after developed hypoxemia w / worsening bilateral infiltrates on  chest x - ray .
 he noticed that his abdomen has become increasingly distended , and his family noticed that his eyes were becoming increasingly yellow .
 postoperative day number one , the patient was weaned off of his dobutamine completely .
 this was attributed to effect of medication , and specifically his benzodiazepenes , codeine , and guiafenisen along with scolpamine patch were stopped .
 the patient remained hemodynamically stable throughout hospital course and was mentating well .
 international normalized ratio should be closely monitored and coumadin adjusted to the target range , and  should be continued at the facility .
 yesterday the  patient ' s daughter thought he was febrile and urged him to go to the  , but he again refused .
 in the  patient a noncontrast  spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation .
 anesthesia was called for elective intubation , however patient quickly became hemodynamically stable .
 the patient was admitted to the transplant surgery service .
 renal and cardiology were consulted who both felt that her continued increase in creatinine was likely secondary to over diuresis .
  thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non - compliance .
 her diminished mental status was felt likely related to intracerebral bleeding (  and a small intracranial hemorrhage ) .
  then noted after doses of nitroglycerinin to become for 30 minutes . then noted after administration of nitroglycerin to become unresponsive for 30 seconds .
 heparin was started for anticoagulation and coumadin was titrated as international normalized ratio was slow to increase to goal international normalized ratio for mechanical mitral valve .
 he received vanc and zosyn empirically and was transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
 he was hemodynamically stable and his  was thought to be secondary to 5 - fluorouracil .
 his  creatinine increased to 21 , with a glucose of 300 , and he was transferred to the hospital unit name 153 .
 the patient was transfused 2 units of blood in the  intensive care unit and hct increased appropriately .
 a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention .
 she will need followup of international normalized ratio with cessation of lovenox once her international normalized ratio is therapeutic .
 given his severe peripheral vascular disease , vascular insufficiency was also a potential cause of the pain , erythema , and ulcer formation .
 she underwent cardiac catheterization and a angioplasty with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168 - 12 - 30 .
 he was continued on ancef and levo , which was started in the emergency room .
 he was placed on a insulin drip for managment of his diabetes as he was  by mouth .
 the pts urine output was also decreased during this time for which he was bolused with crystalloid and transfused with hespan .
 plan for  body imaging without contrast given kidney failure , which was initiated but pt unable to tolerate due to agitation .
 this suggested possible restriction in blood supply source either from heart or from the veins in legs travelling as paradoxical emboli through a patent foramen ovale or emboli from large vessels .
 however , it was likely worsened by insulin non - adherence as patient became more lethargic over the course of the week prior to admission .
 positive for amphetamines , etoh and cannibus ;  was also with in car with his brother - in - law ( also transferred in ) likewise impaired .
 he weaned from bypass in stable condition with the balloon pump in place .
 came to  emergency department today because granddaughter called his cardiologist who recommended evaluation .
  right did well  trach and was able to tolerate t - piece without ventilator support .
 it was felt that she was probably experiencing an acute reaction to stress which should improve with time .
 overnight , he had no issues with the exception of difficult pain control despite being on a dilaudid  by mouth .
 he was given a proton pump inhibitor for  lung infection prophylaxis and a bowel regimen for prevention of constipation .
 no need for fistulagram or intervention at this time .
 the  patient reports an ongoing cough productive of yellow phlegm for the past two months , but denies any [MASK] or recent worsening of this cough .
 during the admission , she was clinically thought to have a vaginal / sigmoid fistula , although this was not demonstrated on  body imaging scan .
 he had elevated troponin without elevated creatine kinase ( formerly cpk ) which was felt to be due to demand vs . prior event .
 he was instructed how to care for his drain and will have  at home for further teaching .
 had one drink plus one shot of alcohol , afterwards developed shortness of breath and left arm numbness .
  ultrasound showed gallbladder wall thickening but no stones in gallbladder or bile ducts , no common bile duct dilation , and question of liver bile duct dilation .
 some erythema was noticed on the lower portion of his midline incision and ancef was continued .
 of note , last month he had b / l inguinal repair which was uncomplicated .
 he was given 6 liters of intravenous fluids and transiently started on dopamine for a systolic blood pressure in the 80 . s
  body imaging imaging / abdominal body imaging imaging showed no acute process process ( no contrast done ) , but - - - lobe lobe at the lung . was clear ,  abd / pelvis showed no acute abdominal process ( wet read ) , but ground - glass opacities at the lung bases .
 on final read of initial chest radiograph and  body imaging review lung infection was felt less likely .
 she was on vancomycin at that time but sister did not think patient was administering it appropriately .
 the patient also has a graft in the left upper extremity which has clotted multiple times .
 68 year - old male with recently diagnosed  and liver mass admitted for  monitoring from intraperitoneal bleed after liver biopsy .
 her  was improved without further transfusions by the time of discharge . was improving without additional transfusions by the time of discharge .
 followup -  body imaging should be obtained 6 weeks after discharge regarding resolving inspection fixture .
  was obtained revealing a contrast enhancing mass in the corpus callosum .
 he received insulin training prior to discharge and will have  at home for furhter training .
 the abdominal  body imaging was normal , chest [MASK] showed bilateral fluffy infiltrates , mediastinal nodes , rt .
 he did experience chest discomfort during admission that reponded to nitroglycerin , and repeat cardiac enzymes were again negative .
 he was then referred to radiology for placement of percutaneous gallbladder drainage .
 she was given an extra dose of depakote during the hospital and the level at discharge was therapeutic at 57 .
 she was volume resusciated with normal saline and electrolytes were repleted as necessary .
 will have patient obtain a repeat echo in 2 weeks with his outpatient  body imaging to assess for improvement in  .
 the patient was additionally found during his stay to have frequent contamination of his sacral decubitus ulcer with feces .
 as  lung infection and  were ruled out , bb , statin , heparin were discontinued .
 fluids , electrolytes , nutrition nutrition he was closely monitered and underwent swallow test . . rehab he was seen by ot / pt who felt that the patient needed rehab .
 patient was in  arrest and was coded , shocked 7 times , intubated and transferred here for urgent cardiac catheterization .
 remained with flaccid paralysis at  lower extremities throughout hospitalization .
 ruq u / s showed a hard liver and ascities , but without evidence of  or paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia .
 most of his staples were removed at the time of discharge but a few were left in .
 his evaluation revealed a large frontal scalp laceration with multiple facial fractures , a left pneumothorax with rib fractures , and a c7 fracture .
 he complains of generalized weakness and some fatigue with only minimal  shortness of breath .
 he received 10 mg vitamin k and protonix in the  emergency department .
 in the ed  emergency department was placed which initially had bright red blood bushel then lavaged clear , however pt continued to have bright red blood from  blood from .
 due to monocytosis on cbc differential a bone marrow biopsy was obtained to rule out malignancy .
 patient was breathing stabilized and stated on octretide ad midodrine for hepatorenal syndrome .
 emergency medical service ( s ) found her unresponsive and brought her to the  .
 abd u / s negative ,  body imaging revealed smear r pleural effusion .
 the patient was restarted on coumadin , however , given his past medical history , he may not be a candidate for coumadin therapy .
 underwent urgent surgery . iv heparization began in the emergency roo .
 he failed and actually had a paradoxical reaction to inhaled steroids and has been prednisone dependent for 10 years .
 she had an  flexible line placed and code sepsis intitiated .
 known lastname was taken to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to three vessels .
 despite bag ventilation , o2 saturation drops and intubation is attempted .
 he returned to the floor , and had two additional episodes of  the the following day .
 later in the morning was more oriented , and noted to be primarily angry and doubtful of his diagnosis .
 after a one day stay in the  intensive care unit where she was diuresed and weaned of  oxygen to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10 - 30 .
 the patient received a stent to the om - 2 and the patient was transferred to the  intensive care unit for further observation .
 gram negative rods in urine on recent admission , found to be pansensitive ( except to tmp / smx ) k . lungs inflammation .
 all these lab abnormalities downtrended by discharge , at which point he felt totally well .
 81  abnormal heart rate with  , dl and dementia presents with  , , , , and and atrioventricular node reentry tachycardia .
 tox screen was also positive for cocaine , trichloroacetic acid and acetaminophen .
 blood cultures grew both klebsiella and enterococcus ( two species including vancomycin - resistant enterococcus ) .
 she began walking with physical therapy and by  postoperative days 5 she was able to climb a flight of stairs without difficulty and was cleared for discharge to home .
 the case was complicated by  by vein and  severe enought to require dopamine infusion .
 with aggressive lung toilet , nebulizers , chest  oxygen his oxygen requirements improved on 3l nasal cannula with oxygen saturations of 96 - 98 % .
 however , it was restarted after his creatinine had trended down with no rebound elevation of the creatinine .
 slight concern for adrenal insufficiency in setting of high doses of  by vein steroids .
 his  was resumed was reportedlymanyy but there was concern over your med comple so your prior dose was resumed . was slighlty elevated but there was concern over med complicane so his prior dose was resumed .
 68 - year - old male with history of  high blood pressure who presented to hospital3 hospital on 6 - 3 with substernal chest pain and shortness of breath .
 however , once his  digestive track bleed continued and he was still in breathing failure , his mother made the decision to make him comfort care .
 persistant mild to moderate intra and extra hepatic biliary duct dilation was also seen .
 she received three days of antibiotic prophylaxis ( one of vancomycin , two of levofloxacin ) for this procedure .
 she was initially evaluated in an outside hospital where she was found to have diaphragm injury and was transferred to hospital1 69 for further work - up .
  body imaging will have  to follow and do wound dressing changes daily .
 the patient was started on metoptolol and lisinopril prior to discharge .
 he was kept  kept , given [MASK] fluids ; serial proportion of red blood cells and abdominal exams were followed closely .
 an low - density lipoprotein level returned elevated at 110 , for which she was initiated on simvastatin at a low dose .
  did not have significant elevation of liver enzymes , but continued to have incr .
 59 yearo old female pmh htn ,  high blood pressure and left subclavian artery  right ?
 the patient was extubated to  following her bronchoscopy .
 his rate was eventually controlled and the diltiazem drip was stopped .
 the patient was maintained on the ventilator and was given diuresis as well as antibiotics with limited clinical improvement .
 his coronary angiogram showed no significant coronary artery disease and he was electively admitted for mitral valve repair or replacement .
 in  emergency department , had a  body imaging read as pulonary edema vs . infiltrate .
 neurology was again re - consulted due to the left upper extremity weakness and the patient not waking up after being off sedation .
 911 was activated and emergency medical service ( s ) returned to the house .
 she underwent ventricular drain placement to decrease hydrocephalus , but continued to have limited brainstem reflexes .
 no  , single episode bloody vomiting en route to hospital1 18 .
 he was transferred to the floor on  postoperative days 2 and his epicardial pacing wires were discontinued on  postoperative days 3 .
  lung infection recommended he have acute  as an outpatient .
 he then had mild guiac negative stool and oozing from arterial line site .
 the right sided  body imaging was removed after placment of a left frontal  .
 on postoperative day one , aspirin , beta blockade and a statin were resumed .
 she was started on mass transfusion protocol as well as levophed improving her blood pressure to 120s .
 heart doctor was consulted and recommended cardiac catheter as outpt once acute issues resolved .
 after evaluation in the  emergency department , mr known lastname 25704 was taken urgently to the operating room for debridement , foreign body removal and packing of the open wound .
 head  body imaging was negative in setting of trauma and supratherapeutic international normalized ratio .
  much fluid fellow called to floor at 930am for frequent loose  which appeared to be melenotic .
  showed no evidence to suggest  or aspiration .
 patient was initially treated with cefepime and vancomycin , renally dosed .
 she presented with  digestive track bleed ,  , sepsis .
  was treated conservative with fluid hydration , and monitored closely on the rising  level level .
 recent  body imaging scan revealed an increasing  from 6 . 7 to 7 . 8 involving the distal ascending and aortic arch .
 the patient had a creatine phosphokinase of 91 with a troponin of 0 . 05 .
 a repeat ultrasound of the right upper extremity deep venous [MASK] showed that it was a non occlusive clot .
 at catheter they first engaged the left and found lcx with 80 % mid lestion .
 ultrasound performed with evidence of fluid collection along course of av graft . tee attempted but had to be aborted due to gagging .
 blood cultures , urine cultures , and  were negative .
 this is an 80 year old man on coumadin for  high blood pressure who presented to  after a seizure .
 admitted for  by vein albumin , antibiotics for possible rul pna seen on [MASK] , and fluid optimization .
 emergency medical service ( s ) was called and the patient was found to be cyanotic and temporary cessation of breathing at arrival .
  returned to hospital1 18 for same day admission following his cath and discharge 1 week earlier .
 she remained  low blood pressure and her blood pressure was well controlled .
 catherization complicated by global st elevations ,  requring atropine and hypotension requiring dopamine .
 he was subsequently weaned off his nicardipine drip after the re - initiation of his home antihypertensives .
 from the negative trauma work - up , it is probably safe to say the cause of his  was biological rather than mechanical .
 a family meeting was held to let them know of the results , and they had further discussion with new england organ bank regarding organ donation , which they agreed to .
 patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a cardiac cath which revealed  and 2 vessel disease .
  was remarkable for v5 , v4 st elevations .
 extubated that evening and transferred to the floor on  postoperative days 1 to begin increasing his activity level .
 in addition , human immunodeficiency virus and quantitative immunoglobulin g were checked to rule out immunocompromisedstated .
 acute blood loss anemia : patient had significant estimated blood loss ( see bleeding ) during his surgery .
 he was given  aspirin , atropine and fluids , his  increased to 80 and his  normalized .
 he was given etomidate and rocuronium pre - intubation and placed on propofol  room .
 the next morning the patient still was not having bms .
 chest x - ray near the time of discharge revealed resolved aspiration  lung infection .
  blood clot : patient received left thrombus : patient received left  line on 2111 - 9 - 19 for parenteral antibiotics due to his bacteremia .
 no  body imaging , masses or thrombi were seen in the left ventricle .
 she also had [MASK] during admission , with evidence of hypercapnia , and was found to have bilateral pleural effusions and mild lung edema .
 this is a 34 year old right handed man with ahistory of  who was transferred from an outside hospital with l mca stroke .
 he was brought to hospital3 36606 hospital where he was noted to resist suctioning of his  chest pain , but was otherwise unresponsive . , but was otherwise unresponsive .
 he was transferred to the  intensive care unit and chest tube was placed for left hemothorax ; the patient was subsequently sent to the trauma intensive care unit for further care .
 she was started on  body imaging to evaluate for seizures .
 blood disease likely related to volume depletion and lack of access to free water .
 the patient was maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale with valium .
 beta blockers and diuretics were started and he was gently diuresed towards his pre - op weight .
 he got up and took some tums with an improvement in these symptoms .
 in the  emergency department , initial vital signs notable for  systolic blood pressure to 80s .
 he will need his  followed as an outpatient followed as an outpatient .
 she has continued to have chest discomfort several times a week and was seen by  primary care provider today .
 she presented to the  medical intensive care unit where she underwent an  body imaging which revealed portal gastropathy and severe  but no active bleeding .
 he had similar palpitations 6 months after his mi / cath in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously .
 she reported that she had been on an alcohol binge for several days , last drink was 3 days prior .
 he received  by vein fluid boluses as needed at keep  systolic blood pressure > 90 . .
 he was weaned to nasal canula however his hospital course was complicated by frequent episodes of breathing distress and  breathing rate .
 her  patient is described as well but not stool is described as soft but not watery .
 of note , he has had on and off arm pain that was non - exertional over the past 3 days .
 he has a stroke risk with abnormal heart rate score of 2 and so would indicate anticoagulation with coumadin if safe after his repeat  echocardiogram in mid - month 958 . .
 it was also mentioned to him to ask his  doctor at your primary care provider doctor at his  visit if he needed a pill endoscopy .
 once ms improved ,  right left  , alcohol profile pending on discharge .
 she was discharged home with  visiting nursing association services and the appropriate follow - up appointments .
  coronary artery scan of the head confirmed an infarct in the  . territory likely due to atrial fibrillation .
 echo with preserved global and regional biventricular systolic function (  ejection systolic > 55 % ) .
 patient completed a 14 day course of vancomycin for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus tracheobronchitis .
 he received a diagnostic paracentesis which did not reveal  much fluid .
 suspect that much of her presentation now is attributable almost entirely to alcoholic hepatitis .
 at the time of discharge her international normalized ratio was 5 . 7 and she was recieving no coumadin .
 he states that he has a history of  shortness of breath , but he does not take any medication for it .
  of the chest showed no  , but was consistent with lung edema .
 patients white count and fevers decreased and he was  at discharge . at discharge .
 initially she was on a dilaudid  by mouth for pain control .
 the patient ' s code status was full code during this admission .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , she was drowsy but awakens to sternal rub is alert and oriented .
 prior to this admission , he was admitted two weeks prior with angina and ruled in for a  a .
 at time of admission , he was complaining of increasing fatigue .
 the patient ' s cardiologist will monitor his international normalized ratio on discharge .
 trinitrotoluene elevation was thought likely secondary to  strain but not to  .
 he continues to have significant diarrhea and weight loss and will follow - up with his  doctor doctor .
 she was transitioned to  insulin once the gap was closed .
 patient had 12 mm of midline shift with a 30 mm subdural hematoma which was chronic in appearance .
 given the patients history of cirrhosis and liver disease the hepatology service was consulted who performed an  body imaging and found grade 3 bleeding esophageal varices .
 he will complete a 14 day course of vancomycin with  by vein dosing .
 as she was not a tissue plasminogen activator candidate given timing of presentation , the patient was taken to the interventional radiology suite .
 surgery was consulted who felt that the patient did not have acute  acute and that his  that that tenderness and  abnormalities were most likely due to transient passage of a stone .
  is refusing intubation but according to her  she is a full code .
 she had no further of episodes of bleeding with a stable  stable and was deemed stable for discharge home .
 she is being called out to the medical floor for further management of presumed  ,  and etoh cirhosis .
  2 . 9 on admission , which is above previous baseline , but trended up . 2 . 9 on admission , which is below previous baseline , but trended up slightly .
 plays golf regularly and on average uses 1 sl nitro every 3 - 4 days which alleviates his angina .
 we controlled pt ' s pain with oxycodone 2 . 5mg q4h prn and acetaminophen 650mg q6 prn .
 pts international normalized ratio elevated on admission , likely from interaction of coumadin and one of her antibiotics or other new meds .
 the bloody bms were not preceded by worsening  shortness of breath or other symptoms suggestive of an  exacerbation .
  was done to r / o cord compression vs epidural abscess and was normal .
 at the time of discharge , the patient ' s blood pressure remained stable with systolic pressures in the 110s - 130s .
 as she also presented with  chest pain , there was concern over localized abscess .
 a ampullary stricture was noted and plans were made to readdress with sphinchterotomy in a month .
 the patient had bilateral pleural much fluid postoperative and had chest tubes placed on both sides .
  right 2110 - 1 - 11 showed worsening airspace opacities in the  and and  with worsening pleural effusions .
  blood function tests will need to have  checked as an outpatient .
 she was seen and evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy who felt that she was stable to go home with pt / ot services .
 this study revealed mild inflammatory stranding of the sigmoid colon which was suggestive of diverticulitis .
 he reports having chronic pain that is managed by long acting morphine 15 mg up to 4 times per day and a fentanyl patch 75 mcg .
 normal digits and creases and age - appropriate and symmetric tone and reflexes .
 she became low blood pressure to 90 systolic which responded to intravenous fluid boluses up to 110 systolic .
 by the time of discharge on  postoperative days 5 the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
 pathology and  body imaging imaging was sent from hospital3 for further interpretation .
 foley  patient ' d , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled .
 shoulder pain : the patient complained of left shoulder pain with a restricted passive and active range of motion consistent with adhesive capsulitis .
 8 ) coagulopathy : pt has poor synthetic liver function and he was given  by vein for procedures .
 his febun was 46 % and fena was 1 % making a prerenal pictures less likely .
 chest surgery was consulted and performed a mediastinoscopy for which the sampled lymph nodes were negative for malignant cells .
 he was given mucomyst for kidney protection from contrast .
 a  body imaging flair was thought unlikely as she was not wheezing .
 he also had 3 - 4 episodes of several minutes of horizontal diplopia .
 most likely due to hypovolemia in setting of sepsis .
 the suprarenal component of his  was stable without any change in size over a significant period of time with monitoring .
 patient was initially taken emergently to brain biopsy , and was admitted to the  intensive care unit , where concern was for toxoplasmosis vs . cns lymphoma .
 his course was complicated by repeated exacerbations of worsening  shortness of breath , and pulmonary edema .
 he will follow - up with orthopedics spine clinic on dishcharge .
 he was admitted to the trauma service for further evaluation and treatment of these injuries .
 he was taken here for evaluation and head  body imaging revealed an intracerebral hemorrhage .
 initial whole blood care unit for treatment of  lung infection .
 patient transfused one unit of packed red blood cells on 6 - 26 with good hematocrit response .
 patient had one episode of  low blood pressure after  but stayed hemodynamically stable .
 she was given ten units of insulin and started on an insulin drip .
 he will follow up with his tumor doctor team regarding further treatment .
 he was transferred to the  intensive care unit in critical but stable condition .
 abdominal incision appeared pink at staple insertion sites on right side where he also had some swelling and pain to touch .
  body imaging revealed multiple non - bleedings in in prec , non - bleeding in the in in in . . revealed multiple non - bleeding erosions in antrum , non - bleeding ulcer in pyloric channel .
 37 year - old man transferred from outside hospital after being struck by car while intoxicated with alcohol and traveling on a bicycle .
 in the  emergency department , the patient reported chest pain only with cough .
 on sunday she reports worsening in her symptoms and  shortness of breath ,  , air hunger , fever / chills and sweats .
 she was started on quetiapine initially for suspected icu - related delirium .
 the patient also was given  by vein acyclovir prior to presentation to hospital1 18 in case the patient ' s clinical picture represented ebv encephalitis .
 he went to his regularly scheduled  follow up appointment today , where he was found to be hypoxic to 75 % on 4lnc after walking in from the car .
 stroke thought secondary to afib , not on coumadin .
  scans of head were done which just showed age related volume loss but no acute abnormalities .
 an  tube tube tube and rectal drain were placed intraoperatively .
 the patient was transferred to the telemetry floor for further recovery .
 the patient is a 77 year old female with a history of cad s / p cabg , insulin dependent diabetes ,  high of right right chest pain . , hyperlipidemia and achalasia who presents with an episode of right sided chest pain .
 by post - operative day 5 , patient was alert and oriented and back to baseline mental status .
 he maintained a normal sinus rhythm without atrial or ventricular arrhythmias .
 he carries a diagnosis of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder , which reportedly had been causing an obstructed left ureter .
 following the benzos , he was able to be aroused and have conversations , but was sleepy .
 she is admitted to the  abnormal heart rate to the for further evaluation of her afib with  for further evaluation of your abnormal heart rate with and  .
 he reports 2 - 14 lifetime episodes , each time a / w chest pressure and shortness of breath , which started a few months ago while at a rehab facility .
 this  body imaging process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent  from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an  pattern or any particular disease process .
 within 24 hours , he awoke neurologically intact and was extubated without incident .
 69 years old male with history of atrial fibrillation , aortic stenosis , and coronary artery disease who is now having increased symptoms of  shortness of breath on exertion .
 the circumflex was large with a tubular 70 % stenosis of mid vessel and a long 70 - 80 % stenosis before the left  left anterior descending .
 later on  post - operation day he was weaned from sedation , awoke neurologically intact and extubated .
 notably patient is  fever to 102 . 6 , has an elevated white blood cell , has a palpable gallbladder , and appears to be suffering from frank sepsis .
 sputum revealed moderate growth of oropharyngeal flora ; no pathogens were isolated .
 45 year - old male with unknown medical history found down , slumped over against a building .
 known lastname is a 32 year old woman with ulcerative colitis on cyclosporine who developed a headache six days ago , and now presents today with bizarre behaviors according to her mom .
 lights , noise , and head movement exacerbate the discomfort , as does exertion ( eg coughing and sneezing ) .
 in the  intensive care unit , cyclosporin levels were checked  and and cyclosporin was redosed if level < 100 as per bmt recs .
 per  emergency department report , toxicology screen was positive for opiates .
 this was not further evaluation on this hospitalization given the patients acute illness .
 no new areas of hypodensity seen with slightly enlarged leftward shift .
 she has known osteoarthritis and will follow - up with her  for this problem .
 her chest discomfort has been noticeable to her for the past two years , but currently is occurring on a daily basis .
 he admitted to  outside hospital while in the  emergency department , denied any  pain ,  , vomiting , or diarrhea .
 given cocaine use , could also consider  lung infection with cardiogenic shock .
 pleural and subcutaneous chest tubes to suction w / serosang drainage .
 an  body imaging and magnetic resonance angiography showed subarachnoid hemorrhage in the left sylvian fissure with decreased flare in the left internal carotid artery . .
 outpatient thyroid ultrasound is recommended as outpatient for further workup .
 evaluated by neurosurgery and ortho trauma , intracranial hemorrhage and fractures deemed non - operable .
 she was tolerating  without difficulty and placed back on all of her home  .
 on transfer to the floor her insulin was changed to 30u lantus qhs to avoid  .
 this is a 74 year - old man who presented to hospital6 3872 with increased  shortness of breath on exertion and worsening exertional chest pain since one month .
  did not think this was operable and wanted to initiate radiation to help shrink the tumor and airway compromise .
 the patient initially was placed on vanco / cefepime for possible sepsis ( lactate up to 3 . 4 on 2145 - 1 - 17 ) .
 this is a patient with multiple medical problems who has been followed by the podiatry service for a nonhealing right fifth toe ulceration which has been refractory to conservative treatment for over the last 6 weeks .
 she was subsequently stabilized , and transferred back to the medical floor for continued management .
 the  patient was made comfortable and she expired several hours later .
 we ordered a kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) to evaluate for obstruction , given the length of constipation .
 we started him on bactrim ds daily for  lasix for prophylaxis given his cd4 count of 55 .
 she returned to her baseline state for roughly one week when she awoke with crampy lower  pain pain .
 she is currently complainign of pain in the saphenous vein graft debridement site .
 after extensive discussion with family , the decision to defer [MASK] was made based on high risk of peri - operative mortality .
 he was recently diagnosed with bicuspid aortic valve and ascending aortic aneurysm on heart electrical activity detection in 2104 - 5 - 22 .
 several gauze pads were applied with poor control of bleeding .
 this is a 63 - year - old female hospitalized at an outside hospital on 5 - 1 with several sputum production .
 she was on max dopa and levo added for support .
 with  patient living alone at home and legally blind , personal hygiene and medication compliance are issues .
 the patient underwent fiberoptic bronch on 10 - 14 , which showed 40 % anterior movement of the posterior tracheal wall during exhalation , as well as almost complete obstruction of the left and right main bronchi during exhalation .
 spent the night on continuous positive airway pressure ra and satting 98 % .
 there was a possible small fistulae from teh rca and left main to  and left anterior descending or mediastinum .
 she underwent ct abdomen / pelvis which revealed no evidence of retroperitoneal hemorrhage .
 he received cefepime 2gm , vancomycin 1gm , furosemide 100mg  by vein once ,  325mg  once .
 he was extubated within 2 hours of arrival to  medical intensive care unit with pain control an issue post operatively .
 she had a foley , right chest tube ,  drain and an  to suction .
 he was restored during admission and aggressively diuresed in the  intensive care unit .
 has been on coumadin for one month since last  blood filtering .
 this is a 67 year old female  motor rollover motor vehicle crash the patient was a restrained driver .
 she was instructed to weigh herself daily and report > 3 lb weight gain to her doctor .
 patient pletal was initially held until it was shown his hcts were stable .
 was given 2mg  ativan and intubated for airway protection .
 there was considerable variation in measurements - an arterial line was attempted for invasive monitoring without success .
 the patient has been worked up with an  body imaging scan that shows the tight posterior fossa with inferior displacement of parts of the cerebellum to the level of c1 .
 recommend increasing atenolol dose if  patient becomes hyertensive above goal blood pressure after discharge .
 an diagnostic test was performed showing high white blood cell count and cultures grew out conjunctivitis .
 as these  diabetes type symptoms seem to be occurring with more frequency , he sought consultation with his primary physician who started him on asa , atenolol and omeprazole .
 cardiac cath revealed severe 3  left with preserved  .
 history of pna : while in surgical intensive care unit , patient was intubated and sputum  methicillin - resistant grew coag + staphylococcus aureas and e . coli ( pan sensitive ) .
  intensive care unit was notified and he was sent to the  for further care .
 as volume was added , the patient was kept on phenylephrine to keep  systolic blood pressure > 85 .
 his labs were noteable for creatinine of 1 . 5 , sodium of 132 , white blood cell of 12 . 9 .
 her white blood cell did trend down , and she remained  and stable .
 she received bicarb / mucomyst pretreatment for catheter and the  patient was held .
 the family and  patient did not want any further interventions , so the patient was made  and comfort measures only .
 in the  emergency department , the patient arrived  to the 40s , using her accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s .
 each , every ( from latin quaque ) day , 125 mg of solu - medrol intravenously times one and 6 units of regular subcutaneous insulin .
 name ( non immune ) 6419 recipient and donor are cytomegalovirus negative and a positive .
 of note , wife is very angry about the fact that patient was released to home from  outside hospital procedure suite today .
 another  body imaging was performed hd7 where a bipolar circumactive probe probe was applied to the bleeding portion of the lesion with cessation of the bleeding .
 he went to the  medical intensive care unit and was deemed low risk for injury and was discharged home .
 she was scheduled for outpatient  body imaging to evaluate for access for future chemotherapy sessions and will likely need chest port .
 of note , there was no evidence of fsgs which would be present in the setting of human immunodeficiency virus nephropathy , nor was there any evidence of  lung disease nephropathy and thus  were not initiated . inhibitors were not initiated .
 treatment was initiated with antibiotics (  lung infection , levoquin ) for  lung infection , and steroids for  flare .
 he developed chest pain on  postoperative days 1 and cardiac enzymes were positive .
 79 year old man with extensive cardiac and surgical history who is transfered from  outside hospital for chest pain .
 on  postoperative days five he was also noted to have a small amount of drainage from the lower most pole of his sternal incision .
 she had a brief period of svt / flutter and lasix 20 mg  was was repeated - > diuresed 1300 cc ' s in total .
 tee showed ebsteins anomaly with markedly dilated ra / rv with focal rv hypokinesis , severe tr , small lv with focal inferior hypokinesis with ef > 60 % , trace mr , no ai .
 her echo showed mild basal inferolateral hypokinesis with  ejection fraction > 55 % .
 longstanding left foot ulcer with recent imaging at  outside hospital showing  per reports .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , the patient was tachycardic ,  on  on arrival .
 per her report she was reccently started on a new medication for her myasthenia gravis ( mestinon 30 mg qid ) earlier in the week .
 he has had  shortness since his catheterization in 2168 about once a month  since your catheterization in 2188 about once a week exertion but notes that it resolves quickly  but that it improved that it improved more moreing . rest .
 52 years old man with known cad s / p inferior  ( 2089 ) and stenting in 2090 and 2096 .
  1 found the patient extubated , alert and oriented and breathing comfortably .
 she was ordered for 2 units packed red blood cells ( not given due to difficult crossmatch ) , crossmatched 4 units .
 cultures were sent , and  body imaging was suggestive of urinary tract infection .
 postoperative  blood flow was low and she was transfused packed red blood cells with good effect .
 echo was performed that demonstrated mildly dilated  right ,  , systolic function moderately depressed w / hypokinesis if the entire septum and inferior wall , and mitral regurgitation .
 on post - operative day 4 a  body imaging scan revealed worsening effusion and the patient again was taken for  right with evacuation of hemothorax .
 he was recently noted to have a rise of his  body imaging and on 2184 - 6 - 4 underwent a [MASK] scan of the abdomen and pelvis which demonstrated metastatic disease in segments 4 and 5 of the liver .
 later that day she had elevation of  to 30s it was decided to bring her to the  for a right temporal clot evacuation with hemicraniectomy .
 a  body imaging of the neck was completed which showed no significant neck artery artery  . .
 he had persistent secretions and was given guaifenesin  codeine on a prn basis as a mucolytic .
 an epidural and  physical therapy were provided for pain control .
  showed poor inflation of the lungs with enlarged heart borders consistent with her pericardial efussion .
 84 m russian speaking , history of cad ( s / p rca and lad stenting 2186 ) , type 2 diabetes , formerly known as non - insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) . , htn , chronic kidney disease , history of recurrent aspiration pna , who presents with acute onset of sob from nursing home .
 she was evaluated by the  emergency department fellow who transfered her from  to here to be cathed .
 2 ) liver failure - patient with  cirrhosis , progressive metastatic  , and portal vein thrombosis .
 given concern for a neoplasm of the pancreas , ampulla , or common bile duct , or porta hepatis nodes causing intermittent biliary obstruction , she was admitted to an [MASK] 3 - 31 for further workup .
 she was admitted to the  admitted to the for hypoperfusion in the setting of bradycardia with concern for cardiogenic  for ventricularer in the setting of abnormal heart rate with concern of abnormal heart failure with concern or evolving sepsis .
 hematocrit and blood pressure remained stable for the remainder of her stay .
 hepatology saw the  patient with plan for colonoscopy in the  .
 he was transfused total of 7 units and  stabalized at 30 .
  arrived arrived intubated and was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit .
 on postoperative days one and two , he remained in the intensice care unit for hemodynamic support .
 patient ' s  blood flow remained stable after the colonoscopy , he tolerated full diet and did not have any further episodes of bloody bowel movements .
 went to primary care providers office on 7 - 29 with one month of watery diarrhea and shortness of breath typical of her  shortness of of flares .
 however , after extensive discussion , given his overall improvement , and national institutes of health stroke scale less than 10 , it was decided not to take him for ia tissue plasminogen activator or clot retrieval .
 this is a age over 90 years old female with a history of hypothyroidism who presented to the hospital with worsening lower extremity edema and new onset atrial fibrillation .
 two large bore ivs were placed and he was made  by mouth .
 however , dilantin was discontinued after  echocardiogram revealed normal activity .
 he was treated with antibiotics for his  as well .
 the patient was neurologically intact and hemodynamically stable , weaned from inotropic and vasopressor support .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , the patient was continued on a pantoprazole [MASK] , transitioned to hospital1 on the floor .
 patient with transient  low blood pressure thought to be due to fluid mobilization after aggressive fluid hydration .
 known lastname 57100 is a 52 years old male who resides in prison was transferred to hospital1 18 from hospital hospital via ambulance with a known subarachnoid hemorrhage .
 po meds were held except midodrine which he was tolerating by end of  stay .
 the medical examiner decided to take his case for a durable medical equipment given the  patient ' s recent spinal cord surgery at new england baptist hospital and his  and his young age .
 she received 30 minutes of chest compressions which may have been suboptimal as tandem heart was being placed .
 female with past medical history significant for chf , cad s / p cabg , and chronic kidney disease presenting with chf exacerbation complicated by last name on chronic kidney disease requiring initiation of hemodialysis .
 white blood cell increased from 11 on admission to 17 the following day , though she remained  .
 while on the medical floor ,  tube was replaced given worsening of her  tube was replaced given worsening of your pain and distension .
 given her history of  lung infection in the past , she was covered with imipenim and gentamicin .
  was started on gabapentin and a lidocaine patch .
 the patient spiked a temperature of 102 in the  emergency department and received acetaminophen .
 28 year old female with type i dm who presents to micu for diabetic ketoacidosis diabetic ketoacidosis : pt presented with high blood sugar , acidosis with anion gap , and ketones in urine consistent with diabetic ketoacidosis .
 he was hydrated with 1 l normal saline prior to the study .
 patient was on ceftazidine and levaquin after the extubation and was transferred to the medical floor prior to discharge .
 he was diuruesed , but continued to require high levels of fraction of inspired oxygen and positive end - expiratory pressure .
 he has been having  for the past month and is followed in heart failure clinic by dr first name ( stitle ) 437 .
 heart doctor was consulted and felt that the  patient was not concerning for a new cardiac event .
 the baby was extracted with breech presentation with significant bruising of the extremities .
 then was per emergency medical service ( s ) confused , unable to follow commands , aggitated , but apparently oriented to time of day and place .
  of of of of blood clot ultrasound showed evidence of  with no evidence of  , but no portal vein  .
 according to emergency medical service ( s ) , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
 her oral analgesia was increased and additional analgesia was added to her regimen .
 diabetes type ii ( a1c 11 . 2 in 3 - 7 ) patient was on  plus long acting while in house and is discharged on home regimen of insulin for continued pcp follow up .
 he became low blood pressure to  systolic blood pressure 60s and was given ivf normal saline 400cc which brought up his blood pressure to  systolic blood pressure 130s .
 she was weaned off  therapy and transferred to step down on 6 - 27 , when her sutures were also removed .
 evidence of intraventricular septum flattening on  right chest report and on  body imaging u / s in  with  dysfunction .
  scan revealed large fluid / air space collection with mass effect , ddx includes infection mass .
 he was given continuous positive airway pressure followed by bag mask ventilation .
  : the patient is currently being managed well on : the patient is currently being managed well on  and a regular insulin sliding scale . and a regular insulin sliding scale .
  was positive for subdural hematoma , which according to the blood bank , was not enough to account for what would have been the degree of hemolysis needed for the lack of response .
 blood pressure improved with  and has remained stable for days prior to discharge without additional fluid boluses .
 his  creatinine ' s improved daily with ast decreasing to 28 , alt 55 , alk phos 115 , and measures indirect bilirubin and direct bilirubin 1 . 8 .
 her bicarb  by vein were discontinued as it was felt she was resolved from her overdose .
 hypoglycemia : patient has no history of diabetes or taking oral or  diabetes diabetes medications .
 81 years old male with a history of afib , heart failure complicated by recurrent transudative pleural effusions presenting with acute breathing distress following pleurodesis .
 gynecology had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound .
 she was brought emergently to the  operating room a right sided  for evacuation of hematom .
 during that hospitalization she was admitted with concern for  blood clot , but had a catheter with nonocclusive  and only narrowing of the arteries .
 the  patient was eventually controlled by re - instituting his regular medications and increasing his dose of lisinopril .
 dilaudid  by mouth was used postoperatively to control pain , then transitioned to oral narcotics .
 metabolic acidosis : he had an anion gap acidosis which remained unchanged throughout his admission , likely from uremia and / or lactic acid from sepsis .
 vomited small amount of bright red blood in  blood in .
 revision failed , however , thoracic surgery reported a large area of cell injury tissue with difficulty localizing the anterior wall of the trachea .
  was initially treated in the  and received three amps of bicarbonate .
 she waxed and waned in her mental status , which was likely delerium related to her  lung infection and infection .
 imaging revealed mild to moderate reversible defects in the  and  territories .
 her only physical complaint was of heartburn , no worse than her usual acid reflux symptoms .
 per  emergency department report , emergency medical service ( s ) gave  by vein dose of  epinephrine , benadryl , and nebs .
  patient has developed right sided sided has developed right sided reproducible  non - pleuitic but worse with coughing and soreness of her lower ribs / abd muscles with coughing .
 on review of systems , he denies any prior history of stroke , tia , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
 he was noted to have scant sanguinous drainage from the midportion of his sternal incision .
 a heparin  was started several times throughout her hospital stay but had to be held because of a dropping  , hematuria or subcutaneous hematoma .
 the physical therapy service was consulted for assistance with his postoperative strength and mobility .
 post - operatively the patient did well , with no major complications .
 he presented this time with  shortness of breath and  , which started this afternoon occuring mutliple times per hour .
 heart doctor was consulted and determined that catheter was not indicated at this time given recent  bleed bleed .
 he had a bone marrow biopsy performed on that day as well .
 she initially tolerated extubation well however gradually experienced more breathing distress and started on a morphine drip and scopalamine patch .
 patient improved neurologically , was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy and found to require acute rehabilitation prior to discharge to home .
 she also endorses subjective fevers and chills but denies  shortness of breath , cough ,  , , n / v / d , night sweats , sick contacts ,  , , , sinus congestion ,  , .
 the patient initially required aggressive lung toilet with hourly suctioning .
 he recently had stent placed , increasing his risk for a  lung infection infection source .
 patient and his family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in nursing home , closer to home .
 later that same day he went to  operating room for a biliary stent was placed successfully across the cystic duct opening in the common bile duct with the distal stent in the duodenum .
 this is a 71 year - old woman with metastatic kidney cell carcinoma diagnosed in 3 - 22 and  patient being transferred to the hospital unit name 153 s / p left radical nephrectomy for breathing monitoring .
 his prostatic  body imaging was scheduled due to a recently elevated prostate - specific antigen of 7 . 2 .
 a cat scan at the outside hospital revealed a 0 . 5 cm left frontal contusion .
 age over 90 yo f with history of dementia , depression ,  high blood pressure and dyslipidemia transferred from nursing home with  .
 she received a total of 2 units packed red blood cells during her stay , and responded well to these transfusions .
 a kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) was done for  distension and tympanitic exam which showed possible bowel obstruction .
 she was initially admitted to the  medical intensive care unit and was transferred to the floor on 2158 - 5 - 4 .
 he developed blurry vision on 2140 - 2 - 8 , a head magnetic resonance imaging scan at that time was without abnormalities .
 a head computed tomography showed calcifications in pons with no metastasis .
 she went for repeat tap by  body imaging , but they could not see an area to tap on ultrasound , and decided to bronch her instead with bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level .
 patient presented with an  proportion of red blood cells of 23 . 2 , and required a total of 10 units of  while in the  to maintain  .
 once hct stabilized , he was transferred out of the surgical intensive care unit to the med - doctor first name floor .
 47 yo f with 1 week of  lung infection treated with arithromycin , sent to emergency room by pcp with rapid afib , subsequently had breathing arrest and was intubated and sent to  intravenous .
 repeat head  body imaging after 24hours showed no progression of  .
 however , his breathing status markedly improved and he his on  chest x - ray , and there was no indication for further work - up .
 patient had follow up two days later along with labs drawn , which showed an acute  blood cells drop to 14 . 1 .
 the patient was continued on lisinopril and half of her home dose of toprol xl with good effect .
 patient transferred to hospital1 18 due to high risk of rebleeding , possibly requiring a  a .
 differential diagnosis at that time included sepsis ,  lung infection medication side effect and  .
 he was found to be high potassium level , so he was given albuterol , insulin 10 u , and glucose , and his repeat glucose was 18 .
 abdominal exam remained benign and he tolerated heart , healthy diet .
 he was also found to be extremely coagulapathic and had low platelets counts with a number of areas that were oozing .
 she was restarted on her home dose of aspirin , and will likely require lifetime proton - pump inhibitor therapy , although this may be able to be titrated downward in the future .
 the patient has had chronic episodes of melena and bright red blood per rectum , however , on the afternoon of admission , the patient felt that he was feeling increasingly weak , presyncopal and did not recall if he actually passed out or fell asleep .
 her headaches were controlled on fioricet and she was deemed fit for discharge .
 it was decided after her second hematoma while on anticoagulation , the risks of anticoagulation outweigh the benefits at this time and she was not anticoagulated .
 an echo performed revealed  right with severe mr . at the request of the family the  is transferred to hospital3 .
 the patient had grade ii varices and was started on nadolol as above .
 at time of call - out to floor there was no evidence of active or large volume bleeding and  body imaging had improvement in  chest pain pain .
 this was a spontaneous twin pregnancy that was uncomplicated until mom was noted to develop some cervical shortening .
 head  body imaging revealed a large r epidural hematoma with 13mm midline shift and uncal herniation .
 the patient underwent a second bronchoscopy which revealed a moderate sized blood clot at the left and right main stem bronchi .
 he felt well for a few days , but returns with worsening  shortness of breath as well as new cough and wheezing .
  and head was performed which showed  and l  aneurysm .
 per brief discussion with hcp name ( non immune ) 4457 ,  patient is an avid musician and plays the trumpet .
 blood pressure ' s were borderline in the  the ; she received a total of 1 l normal saline .
 adenosine was pushed without resolution of his  ventricular ventricular ventricular , presumed sinus  abnormal heart rate .
 head  body imaging repeated here and showed a 1 . 7 x 0 . 9 cm frontal contusion in addition to the  emergency department and  seen on the prior study .
 the kidney service was consulted for the layer of mucous membrane in our belly cavity , covering most organs dialysis recommendations .
 she took 2 tylenol for the pain but it quickly returned so she presented to  .
 - she will be discharged to home hospice and will stop receiving  by mouth treatments .
 delivery was performed by cesarean for  upper endoscopy and insufficient amniotic fluid .
 she was started on coumadin in recent months but her international normalized ratio has been therapeutic since initiation of therapy .
 x - rays showed three synchronous lesions in the right upper lobe .
 he was continued on prednisone and alb / atrovent nebs until it was determined that palliation was the goal of care .
 a neurology consult recommended to pursuing dilantin treatment , obtain an  body imaging to evaluate for epileptogenic sites and start thiamine supplements and  .
 53 years old male transferred from  outside hospital for surgical evaluation .
  patient she had initially presented to the  intensive care unit with chest pains and was observed overnight .
 she was noted to have a right sided  right with the head turned to the left as well as an aphasia .
 bystanders found him to be unresponsive / pulseless and initiated  for 10 minutes .
 she was weaned from sedation , awoke and was extubated on postoperative day 1 and she continued to progress .
 he eventually agreed to  operating room and tunnel cath placed by  in r sc on 2171 - 4 - 4 .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , patient is intubated and sedated .
 post - operatively the patient was taken intubated to the surgical intensive care unit where he weaned off adrenaline within 18 hours .
 she originally presented to hospital3 where  body imaging scan demonstrated a pancreatic pseudocyst .
 her bicarb  by vein was changed to normal saline per renal recs , and was then changed just to  by vein as she was felt to be euvolemic and did not require more fluid resuscitation .
 he was weaned off levophed in the  emergency department with stable bps in the 110s .
  operating room emergently was intubated in the was taken to  emergently , was intubated in the field .
 he was treated for  lung infection with vancomycin / cefepime for an 8 day course .
 subsequently his vanc was d / c ' ed as patient responded to daptomycin .
 hrs were better controlled and she did not have episodes of  .
 it is also possible that she had lung edema in response to  lung infection , as her  was 215 / 115 in the  on admission .
 she did not require any benzos per clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale and was felt to be at low risk of withdrawal given recent detox .
 apparently , the  patient checked this online and self - referred to the  intensive care unit .
 patient instructed to have close follow up with  blood filtering for measurement of hematocrit and international normalized ratio levels .
 the patient was started on an initial fluroquinolone regimen and then changed to meropenem , before finally settling on imipenem regimen .
 negative  body imaging ruled out lung emboli , but showed bilateral lower lobe collapse due to lobar atelectasis .
 he should have daily international normalized ratio checks as he completes a seven - day antibiotic course ( levo will potentiate coumadin activity ) and should have qod international normalized ratio checks thereafter until he is stabilized on a coumadin dosing schedule .
 per the patient ' s  body imaging the  was read as worrysome for bronchogenic carcinoma .
 86yo m with history of squamous cell carcinoma s / p xrt who presents with shortness of breath ,  by vein and multifocal  and .
 he was ultimately transitioned to a dilaudid  to help determine his narcotic requirements .
 he had symptoms to suggest a  body imaging - no pleuritic  .
 the  was rate controlled as above as above and also was started on after after with with was rate controlled as above and also was started on afterload reduction with  and he was diuresed with lasix  and was was died with lasix .
 incentive spirometry and lung toileting were continued and he remained  without an elevated white blood cell count .
  catheter placement was unsuccessful due to bleeding and adhesions .
 infection felt to be unlikely given that  patient was afebrile without any localizing signs , elevated white blood cell .
 he was had  blood 9 - 11 and was transfused with  for decreased  .
 digoxin loaded with rate control and subsequent conversion to  .
 her amlodipine was increased to 10mg daily because of ongoing  blood pressure .
 approximately 1 month ago she had a swollen cervical gland .
 after recovering in the post - anesthesia care unit , she was tranferred to the surgical intensive care unit and the  patient team followed in her care .
 c - spine negative , she was found to have an urinary tract infection , which is treated with levaquin .
 in the  emergency department you were noted to have a temperature of 101 and he was noted to have a temperature of 101 and  to 83 / 53 which improved with 2 l  .
 her  responded to 6l responded to 6l and your breathing became more much . responded to 6l fm and her breathing became more comfortable .
 the patient was admitted and had an airway  which showed high - grade focal tracheal stenosis at level of the cervicothoracic junction , corresponding to a site of prior tracheostomy tube insertion .
 work - up of potential infectious etiologies included blood cultures , upon arrival and urine culture , and chest x - ray .
 his history and presentation was consistent with dextromethorphan intoxication .
 given a remote history of intravenous drug user , hepatitis serologies were sent , hepbsab ( + ) and hepc pending at discharge .
 according to emergency medical service ( s ) , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
 heart doctor was consulted and felt presentation was unlikely to represent past partum cardiomyopathy .
 he was sent to hospital1 18 for rehydration , stool for culture , pint and  , hospital1 , repeat  , also concern for pcp / tb / lymphoma .
  lung blood clot was checked which was low which was normal thought was normal was negative for infection ,  was checked which was low thought thyroxine was normal .
 she continued to have nausea / vomiting but was non - bloody bilious vomiting  coffee grounds or frank known lastname .
 he was started on empiric metronidazole on admission and stool samples sent for c diff toxin assay .
 rotoblation was attempted , however complicated with wire fracture and  perforation .
 patient with hep ethanol cirrhosis on transplant list with adnexal masses found during transplant workup .
 occipital mass on  body imaging she was found to have a right - sided occipital lesion that was new from prior studies .
 an xray of bother sites were obtained - negative for fracture .
 he was hemodynamically stable without  muching and was phonating well , and protecting his airway , and was brought in by ambulance .
 he was given 3 more units of  packed red blood cells and 1u  and he was transferred to the intensive care unit for monitoring , and to await rigid bronchoscopy by interventional pulmonology .
 he required precedex to allow for vent weaning and was extubated shortly thereafter without difficulty .
 he went into atrial fibrillation for which he was seen by  heart rate , cardioverted and started on amiodarone .
 cultures at the rehab facility were positive for gram negative staphylococcus bacteremia and acenitobacter in his sputum .
 her urine output in post - anesthesia care unit reached a low of 17 cc / hour but averaged 20 - 30 cc / hour overnight .
 a chest x - ray showed marked cardiomegaly and congested lung vasculature .
 her acute cardiac issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service .
 the patient continued to decompensate and was taken to the  operating room for an ex - lap as his lactate continued to rise in the setting of [MASK] ; the thought was that he likely had ischemic bowel .
 he was transferred to the  intensive care unit in stable condition on phenylephrine and propofol drips .
 cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain ,  shortness of breath ,  or  .
 the day prior to discharge she was transitioned to  by mouth prednisone as she was no longer having wheezes .
  states that she has never had pain like this before and did have associated  and vomiting .
 she will be followed by  physical therapy and nutrition for these problems .
 it is important to make sure that  patient continues to have at least daily bowel movements , and that he does not become constipated .
 the patient was stabilized with packed red blood cells ,  , platelets .
 he was evaluated by psych who found him agitated and oriented times one .
 he was found to have blood pressure 76 / 40 with sinus tachycardia to 116 and satting 98 % on  . .
  showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s .
  and free thyroxine were checked b / o persistent tachycardia and were within normal limits ( also : we never looked ) .
 abdominal and pelvis ct showed no evidence of retroperitoneal bleed , no evidence of hydronephrosis or perinephric fluid .
 he was placed  body imaging , a kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) was obtained which revealed an ileus ; he was kept  by mouth for several days until he began to pass flatus and having bowel movements .
 80 year old male with mmp including  high blood pressure , hyperlipedemia ,  ,  who presented with intestinal angina and was admitted by vascular surgery for possible stenting .
 she will be discharged with the heparin  to continue until her international normalized ratio is therapeutic in the range of 3 - 3 .
 [MASK] was consulted who performed laryngoscopy and though patient most likely had supraglotic squamous cell carcinoma with bilateral metastatis .
  has has has history of presentation to  in 2 - 5 with acute onset jaw and ear pain and was found to have left bundle branch block with minor ant .
 he has not had chest pain , wosened shortness of breath , orpthopnea ,  not had not chest pain , movingheadedness of breath , or , increase  , edema , abdominal pain , n / v / diarrhea .
 on  postoperative days 5 the  patient fell ~ 7 points to 22 , which was re - checked , and she was transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells with an appropriate response and remained stable .
 dizziness had improved by the morning of  3 , and patient was walking steadily aroubnd the unit .
 the  team team has been made aware of the patient ; given his varices ,  patient has recommended no  placement and placement and rapid transfer to  placement for  .
 patient was administered full - dose aspirin and started on a nitroglycerin  by vein .
 with an unnclear etiology , given that  blood labs were negative .
 patient completed unasyn x 4 days and one additional day of ampicillin .
 he was seen by endocrine and recommended to be discharged with glargine 30 units qhs and to check his blood glocuse qac .
 blood pressure remained stable for the rest of her hospitalization .
 her a wardname was gradually turned down over the course of 3 days , and the patient was found to regulate her heart rhythm appropriately .
 neurologically he has been doing well working with pt / ot and speech therapy at hospital3 .
 received ceftraixone , vancomycin and flagyl for presumed aspiration  .
 upon presentation to the  medical intensive care unit , the  patient had a temp of 100 . 0 and was found to be in afib per report .
  ' s ' s  , remained stable and he was transferred to the medical floor from the  remained stable . , where again  remained stable .
 [MASK] suggested this might clear / heal on its own , but that if it does not , speech and swallow consult as outpatient should be considered .
 thoracentesis fluid cx was negative and much fluid improved clinically with normal sats on  on discharge .
 it was felt likely that she had e coli sepsis despite the negative blood  , and you had given the large amount of fluid fluid , and she had peritonitis given the large amount of  lung blood clot on her ascitic fluid .
 guaiac positive stool in the setting of  digestive track make slow  much much a possible source of  as well although  remained stable .
 when [MASK] arrived at the post - anesthesia care unit she had to be reintubated for resp distress .
 a head  body imaging showed traumatic  and neurosurgery consulted for further management .
 he reports significantly decreased  by mouth over the last 4 days intake over the last 4 days  .
 he ruled in for an acute  with elevated troponins .
 based on their findings , the decision was made to electively intubate the patient fiberoptically via l nares .
 he was taking to the  operating room on  postoperative days 2 for exploratory laparotomy and evacuation of the  .
 she was started on levaquin / flagyl for possible  yesterday and was evaluated by psych for ms changes and an  report is pending .
 he was transfused with 2 units  packed red blood cells ' s on the 18th and was extubated .
 there was concern for pancreatic necrosis at  , however review of imaging here showed acute  but no  here here of necrosis .
 linezolid was also started in the acute setting because of a report indicating that mr .
 he should maintain tight sugar in the blood control as well ( glycosylated hemoglobin ( used as a measure of diabetes control ) 6 . 7 ) .
 original head  body imaging was positive for a small bleed in the left ventricle .
 per family  patient was aggitated and taken to  .
 there was right vertex  , with improved trace subjacent pneumocephalus .
 responded well to esmolol drip in the  emergency with improvement in rate control to 80s .
 there was question of ileus on kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) although no clinical signs were apparent .
 as anxiety was thought to be contributing to the patient ' s  low blood pressure , the patient was given ativan , and the breathing rate remained normal during the remainder of her hospitalization .
 she was kept intubated for first 24 hours given high dose mannitol and steroids .
 he went to an  outside hospital where  where showed an acute subarachnoid hemorrhage .
  patient presented to presented to  with unresponsiveness and was intubated for airway and difficulty with unresponsiveness and was intubated for airway protection and difficulty breathing .
 he had received a plavix loading dose of 300mg during catheterization so surgery was delayed until monday 2192 - 11 - 5 while plavix washed out .
 diuresis with lasix drip was given with incomplete response .
 since increasing dose of vancomycin , patient has been  .
 he had repeat transthoracic echocardiogram that was unchanged and it was recommended that he have another one in about 4 months .
  was consulted who performed laryngoscopy which was non revealing .
 she received a dose of ceftriaxone , clindamycin , and azithromycin for  lung disease + post - obstructive pneumonia , as well as nebulizers and solumedrol x 1 . .
 her code status was again changed to do not intubate - she agreed to discuss with her pcp name initial ( pre ) living will on the second trip to the [MASK] , purulent fluid was again encountered and a wound vac was placed .
 bedside [MASK] showed a moderate pericardial effusion with some rv / ra diastolic collapse .
 he should have a follow up echo in a couple of months to evaluate for any recovery .
 post operatively he was transferred to trauma surgical intensive care unit for close monitoring .
 a  taken taken on the 8 - 6 , demonstrated interval improvement in left lung with stable pleural effusions .
 he had an urgent  body imaging on 10 - 5 which revealed small  in the gastric mucosa .
 swan numbers were more consistent with sepsis with a relatively low [MASK] , high cardiac output / index , and low systemic vascular resistance .
 a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen .
 an  body imaging was done that showed an opening pressure of 26 ( not fully relaxed ) , with elevated protein of 292 .
 he had a chest tube placed at the time of surgery that was removed of  3 after its drainage decreased .
 he made excellent progress and was discharged to home with  visiting nursing association services on [MASK] 4 .
 he was continue on  aspirin , metoprolol 25 mg hospital1 , imdur 30 during admission .
 the neurological exam began slowly improving and some left lower extremity lateral movement was noted .
 she had ongoing symptoms in 2138 - 1 - 2 and had  body imaging done at that time which showed non - occlusive  of the left common femoral vein is similar in appearance to prior imaging studies .
 she suffers continual pain in her back and a band - like pain across the lower aspect of her ribs / upper abdomen .
 of note , bacteria legionella and cryptococcal antigen studies were negative and  body imaging not seen on sputum immunofluorescence .
 the  of cardiac arrest was likely multifactorial and potentially related to infection such as toxic megacolon and ?
 he converted to  outside hospital and was discharged to home on  postoperative days 5 in stable condition .
 he is s / p laminectomy and evacuation of the epidural abscess and s / p ir drainage of l psoas abscess and l gluteal muscle abscess .
 bladder pressure was checked to monitor for  compartment syndrome .
 r triple  is in place after unsuccessful  attempt .
 the arrest was witnessed by a family member , who performed  .
 she has chronic  body imaging edema , but otherwise has been doing well since her last admission , initally at rehab then  ' d home .
 in the  patient a  was placed and his initial readings were  38 ,  56 / 24 .
 by the time of discharge on  postoperative days 4 the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
 antibiotics were switched to vanc / zosyn for better not - needing - oxygen coverage out of concern for aspiration  aspiration .
  by vein was not jaundiced , had normal white count , unelevated  , and was not jaundiced on exam .
 a right  internal central venous line was placement and x - ray confirmed placement .
 81  cause with unknown  was transfered from osh for evaluation .
  signed off at that point and indicated that they did not believe he was having a significant  bleed and that further workup should be defered to the outpatient setting .
  emergency department was consulted in the  nasogastricogastric fluid , though this was not performed prior to transfer transfer to transfer transfer to transfer . and advised an  lavage , though this was not performed prior to transfer .
 pt intubated for airway protection with dose of vercuronium for agitation .
 due to  medical intensive care unit , she initially required nitro drip .
 once his post op mri was obtained , he was cleared for discharge and he was in agreement with this plan .
  may may have been slightly less than previously than previously noted due to recent may have been slightly more depressed than previously noted due to recent  .
 her complaints of  right arm pain had improved as did the strength in her  right arm .
 patient was treated with ambisome with plans for  for for for 1 - 2 weeks followed by itraconazole for at least a year .
 multiple consistencies of barium were administered under constant video fluoroscopic surveillance .
 her catheter and drain were removed  post - 3 and you were able to take 3 and she was able to take  ' s . ' s .
 his cirrhosis is complicated by esophageal varices and splenomegaly .
 pt was started on vancomycin , clinda , and tigecycline and  and was immediately admitted to  upon transfer .
  has noticed radi to left left to left hip stainging and compl of of bed and your your multiple multiple has bruise to left hip from bumping into doorway and complains of stubbing her toe multiple times lately .
 the  wound wound drainage decreased and granulation tissue was noted .
  was stable on floor and transaminitis continued to improve .
 the headache started occipitally but involved the whole head .
 toradol was added to his regimen which was helpful .
 69 years old male with known as , now w / progressive  shortness of breath , decreased exercise tolerance .
 she was becoming increasingly  , and was given 2 boluses 500cc normal saline .
 continued on calcium acetate and cinacalcet as well as nephrocaps .
 1 day following discharge she began having intractable hiccups , worsening  shortness of breath , and worsening  pain pain .
 58 year old female who presented to  emergency department office with chest pain and shortness of breath .
 he will need another echo in about a month .
  blood filtering was restarted on  to help mobilize fluid .
 83yo f h / o dm , cad s / p mi , cri who was discharged on 2139 - 1 - 16 after a lengthy hospitalization for trauma .
 his trach was replaced in the  operating room , and he was subsequently discharged .
 she was diuresed with furosemide toward her preoperative weight .
 statin was recently changed to gemfibrizil as  patient felt lousy and  patient had decided to stop taking plavix as it had been more than 2 years since last catheter .
 she was eventually stabilized and transferred to the tumor doctor team .
 it was thought that her delta ms may have been due to underlying infection , and source for this was sought out .
  body imaging on 2184 - 5 - 5 - 19 which was successfully pulledating . underwent an  on 2184 - 5 - 13 which revealed a duodenal ulcer which was successfully cauterized .
 she has been instructed to follow - up with her  on discharge to further coordinate this .
 chirurgiae magister , master of surgery ( british and commonwealth countries medical degree ) caucasian malecardiomyopathy informed the primary team that the paitient had no medical insurance by choice so the team kept costs in mind while caring for this patient , and he was discharged on half pills of higher dose
 enterococcal urinary tract infection was treated with vancomcyin initially , then linezolid until sensitivities returned .
 at hospital1 location 620 ,  : t98 . 4 p44 rr18 bp181 / 74 and  97 % .
 this large - for - gestational - age term infant was brought to the neonatal intensive care unit for evaluation of  .
 pathology showed adenocarcinoma , and immunophenotyping was most consistent with a lung primary .
 his aeci and beta blocker were held during much of this hospitalization because of his hyoptension .
 the patient was managed nonoperatively with percutaneous drainage and he matured an enterocutaneous fistula which ultimately closed .
 she reported that she was having decreased flatus , but no bloody bowel movements and no dysuria or vaginal discharge .
 though he endorsed suicidality on presentation , this resolved with resolution of his intoxication .
 while 1 nthe cvicu he required pressure support post operative course 11 - 21 ep was consulted for interigation of icd 11 - 24 pt extubate ct out / post cxr no pnuemothorax ep interrigation of icd again for lower rate when stable he was delined .
 he was aggressively resuscitated and his urine was alkalinized .
 a lipid panel was checked and his low - density lipoprotein was in the 40s .
 the  patient is a 86 year old man who presents with right right is a 86 years old man who presents with right frontal  .
 this twin was noted to have intrauterine growth restriction and was followed with serial ultrasounds .
  by vein fluids fluids and your blood pressure went down responded to  fluids and her  went down .
 his creatinine stayed at 1 . 4 for the remainder of his admission .
 overnight , she complains of some mild  right sided chest pain with no other symptoms .
 she has been treated with bowel regimen and enemas in the  without great success .
 a  body imaging was negative for  lung infection , but showed marked emphysema .
 his outside records were reviewed and the patient admitted to the  medical intensive care unit .
 free thyroxine was also low , indicating hypothyroidism , so he was started on levothyroxine at 50 mg .
 coumadin was held per bloody pericardial effusion and no evidence of afib during admission .
 the  catheter catheter clooted on 8 - 5 , but resolved to  .
 the risks of this was explained to him by multiple midlevels on the team and he allowed us to place 2 staples .
 he was given vancomycin and ceftriaxone to cover for meningococus and conjunctivitis , doxy to cover rickettsial  and flagyl given the  complaints .
 likely there is some extension to the cortex that is difficult to see on  body imaging as he has clear paraphasic errors and word - finding difficulties as well .
 he reports he has had dark cloudy urine with white chuncky matter in his stream intermittently .
 her  was tx with her regular home medications without adjustment .
 this is a 55 year old female admitted for fever / leukocytosis ,  pain .
 her steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 .
 an abdominal ct scan showed small bowel obstruction and rectal thickening .
 bronchoscopy showed arytenoid joint dislocations , subglottic stenosis , and walls of the airway being weak .
 in her workup she was referred for a chest x - ray which revealed an enlarged aortic arch .
 he had one episode of  this morning but otherwise no  complaints although he has not been able to drink or eat much .
 orthopedic consult for possible compartment syndrome , continued to monitor for changes hourly in  .
 given a recurrence of  high blood pressure , the metoprolol dose was minimized and furosemide , per nephrology , was added for uncontrolled  .
 per hematology - oncology his plavix was never stopped , although the  patient is a poor historian and is unable to verify the medications he is taking at home .
 social work / case management :  patient was consulted to help the patient cope with the new diagnosis .
 her hematocrit was revealed to be 28 and a swan - ganz catheter showed low right atrial and lung capillary wedge pressures .
 he was taken to cardiac catheterization on 5 - 27 , which showed occluded left internal mammary artery to lad , native 3 - vessel [MASK] , and a thrombus in the distal saphenous vein graft .
  will be discharged home not on any beta - blocker , calcium - channel blocker or amiodarone .
 patient was transitioned to an oral pain regimen with oxycontin and  dilaudid prior to discharge .
 she was started on zithromax , and ctx originally on admission , and after blood cultures came back positive on 2172 - 12 - 20 , she was started on [MASK] vancomycin w / d / c of zithromax .
  was subsequently discharged to rehab in good condition on 2127 - 3 - 26 tolerating a regular diet , tube feeds cycled at night for nutritional supplementation .
 he also had a  body imaging of his neck , which showed no fracture but degenerative joint disease .
 he initially required inotropes and pressors for  instability and a  was obtained that revealed rv hypokinesis .
 fluid status is managed with  physical therapy as patient does not make urine .
 she was admitted to rehab for management of the necrotic wound on her  , discharged , and treated with vanc / cefepime and vac dressing .
 renal was consulted who believed [MASK] would trend down without intervention and that cvvh / hd was not indicated .
 his vomiting has been nonbloody , somewhat bilious , and he also reports very poor  by mouth intake due to his sore throat .
 he tried two sublingual nitroglycerin , but did not help .
 post op  body imaging showed post operative changes and right pneumocephalus .
 there was no witnessed seizure activity , bowel / bladder incontinence at home .
 this 81 - year - old female with history of  heart , ejection fraction less than 20 % , and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation , who presents with symptomatic mobitz type ii a - v block .
 it appears that his hemachromatosis is mild and has been well controlled with close monitoring .
 cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , dyspnea on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea , orthopnea , ankle  , palpitations , syncope or presyncope .
 however , it was an incidental finding and patient did not demonstrate any signs or symptoms of  or mesenteric ischemia .
 she was taken to  operating room where 3 peripheral branches of the right kidney artery was embolized , and a  line was placed under sterile procedure in the  .
  was successfully extubated , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak .
 encourage / assist with  by mouth intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily .
 38 year old male with known mitral backward flowing and mitral valve prolapse with new onset atrial fibrillation .
 he was  blood flow and  stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor .
 patient became nonpassage of urine with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium .
 transported to  outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a pneumothorax and transferred to hospital1 hospital .
 the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the lcx , which was found to be 100 % occluded .
 patient  patient was stable , did not have was stable , did not have [MASK] for 24 hours and was able to tolerat last name ( lf ) , first name3 ( lf ) ocreaotide drip was stopped .
 lisinopril was restarted given his  elevated stability and slightly elevated bps .
 a  was was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6 - 29 .
 plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her supraglottic edema decreased .
 chest surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior  lung infection for atleast 6 months .
 the effusion was noted to be loculated by  body imaging and  .
 he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration pneumonia .
 this resolved after two sublingual nitroglycerin and patient also has nitroglycerin patch .
 his  was 0 at at at at at with with mild dysfunctionis . was estimated at 36 % with diffuse hypokinesis .
 the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon pericardiotomy procedure if the effusion increases in size .
 the patient remained  low blood pressure throughout his hospital course , hemodynamically stable , with treatment for mild  as above .
 at the  emergency department , the patient reportendly had an unremarkable  and negative cardiac markers negative x 3 .
 nstemi / cad - history of coronary artery bypass graft with only  left graft still patent .
 she was kept  by mouth until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated .
 cytomegalovirus and bradykinin viral loads were sent and returned negative .
 a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by orthopaedics .
 he was given tissue plasminogen activator and strength improved within 3 hours .
 her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced kidney perfusion .
 known lastname 1557 is a 71 year - old female with history of atrial fibrillation and  abnormal heart rate ( since november 2178 per pt ) who presented to hospital3 last night for  heart attack .
 he was found to grow  lung infection and id was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for osteomyelitis .
 her last name 3041 was dc ' d .
 rhythm : after coming out of  abnormal heart rate , found to have sinus bradycardia , 2 : 1 block .
 name10 907 ua prior to discharge was negative for blood .
 his alanine transaminase / aspartate transaminase remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet .
  heart rate prior to transfer 97 . 7 , pulse : 87 ,  : 16 ,
 the patient did not require intubation , was managed on bipap and weaned down to nasal cannula .
 over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to deficiency of calcium in the bloodstream .
 on 2135 - 3 - 19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his hematocrit from 25 to 16 .
 she was started on dilantin and her level was 12 . 1 .
 known lastname 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for  who presents with  and acute agitation .
 on the floor , he was re - started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2 . 0 - 3 . 0 .
 42 year old female with history of sdh 2 - 26 , etoh abuse , ?
 review of systems + per hpi , some calf cramping and dysphagia on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke , tia , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
 she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing  edema for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix .
 he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath or  currently .
 82 year old male with a history of 6 prior pci ' s ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor  coronary care unit cath with tight lad and diffuse lcx disease without intervention .
 the patient was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit with neuro - oncology , palliative care , and medicine consults .
 postoperatively she was transferred to the  medical intensive care unit for close monitoring .
 it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput .
  scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant hematoma .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , she had a [MASK] in the 30 ' s , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan .
 creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization .
 post transfusion hematocrit was initially 24 . 4 and then increased to 25 . 6 on 10 - 22 .
 because of intermittent bradycardia , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while  captopril was started .
 he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy  right lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent .
 in the  emergency department , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1 . 5 and  fluids were subsequently held .
 known lastname seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect .
 the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge .
 after obtaining a dental panorex , it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery .
 also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size .
 patient receives large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164 - 12 - 12 .
 he did not note any of the tightness with exertion .
 type ii diabetes mellitus : high blood sugar may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening vs infection given complains of nausea .
 the  patient was given levofloxacin / flagyl , with coverage later expanded to add vancomycin and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin .
 she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the  intensive care unit with her  monitored monitored closely monitored .
 during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins .
 87 year old female with history of poorly controlled  ,  , ,  presents with  of sudden onset the morning of admission .
 a years old f with pmh acute myelogenous leukemia , neutropenic fever , throid goiter , admitted to omed service for neutropenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics , her course was complicated by acute kidney failure after discussion with patient and family dialysis was declined
 prior to that , last  right firing was on halloween .
 currently , denies any complaints of  shortness of ,  ,  , or  , .
 he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat  body imaging was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus .
 at the time of discharge on 3 - 13 he is tolerating a regular diet , walking with an assistive device ,  with stable vital signs .
 in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and short for pneumatic compression boots were started .
 hypoxemia she was initially treated for  methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus based on her chest xray  consolidation with antibiotics to cover for  with organisms ( vanc / cefepime / cipro ) .
 in  emergency department , denies any abdominal pain ,  denies any abdominal pain , , melena , chest pain , difficulty breathing , light headedness ,  , , , , , , , , , , , .
 he does have a mild headache without nausea , vomiting weakness or paresthesia .
 her lung arterial pressures were 60s / 30s .
 ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and aneurysm .
 he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations .
 his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with  by vein lasix .
 known lastname 96619 was transferred from the  intensive care unit to the floor on 2184 - 8 - 22 , for further management .
 the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189 - 8 - 27 .
 for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral - femoral cross - over graft were performed .
 he took nitroglycerin x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes .
 on the morning of admission he felt weak , he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand .
 this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height .
 82 years old man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease , 90 % stenosis on u / s with amaurosis fugax and possible syncopal episode now s / p carotid stent with good restoration of flow .
 his  4 - 4 am am 4 am  was was stable with no increased pneumothorax , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up  was was stable .
 years old male w / cad ,  high blood pressure , , and chf who has a history of of hepatic encephalopathy who presented to an osh w / nausea , vomiting , abdomen pain that the day proir to admission .
 presented to her pcp name initial ( pre ) 1 week ptp who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg po lasix daily at that time with moderate improvement in her le swelling .
 she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm .
  high blood pressure :  patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped .
 she developed symptoms of a viral  lung infection ( coryza , low grade fever ) which also resolved .
 a swab of lesion was sent for herpes simplex virus culture .
 during the patient ' s resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection .
 he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine .
 depression - psychiatry consulted , continued on paxil 20mg  by vein , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , the patient was in moderate breathing distress on a venti - mask and was also very anxious .
 elevated  liver and cancer antigen 125 are consistent with malignancy .
 she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass .
 he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels .
 he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen .
 it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital .
 pump : patient with known dilated cardiomyopathy & biventricular dysfunction ,  abnormal heart dysfunction , 20 % .
 she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up .
 she remained febrile despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve .
 haldol was discontinued 1 - 5 to prolonging corrected qt interval ( reportedly 470s at longest ) .
 in brief , the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left replacement repair 2152 - 2 - 17 .
 received total 1 . 5mg dilaudid per  in post - anesthesia care unit .
 he was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit 2157 - 7 - 9 with complaints of dizziness , [MASK] , fatigue , [MASK] , and a 13 lb weight ( whether human weight or otherwise ) loss over the last one month .
 he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a  evaluation .
 apgars were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of live , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life .
 she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls .
 patient immediately went to head  body imaging for right parietal cortical hypodensity with sulcus effacement ; however , negative for bleed .
 a repeat  body imaging scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change .
 plan was for follow - up with interventional pulmonology in 3 - 4 weeks .
 she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every hours .
 this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , etoh cirrhosis , dmii , who presents one week after icd placement with recurrent vt . rhythm : patient had 39 events of ventricular tachycardia with 11 shocks recorded on his pacer .
  with was chronically oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula ascites -  tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would reccur quickly .
 depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms .
 58 yo f otherwise healthy  black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
 she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned .
 she was treated with a 30 - day course of pentoxiphylline .
 since international normalized ratio is 3 . 3 today , will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1 - 2 days .
 this is a 44 year old female who was status post hysterectomy on 2197 - 11 - 3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work - up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2197 - 11 - 20 .
 mr known lastname 61229 is a 50 yo rh m with a history of melanoma with known mets to spine ( s / p neck surgery 9 mos ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol , who presented to osh last night with weakness ( r > l ) and clumsiness .
 she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate pos .
  right was then consulted who tried performing a  on the night of 4 - 23 , but were unsuccessful .
 he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter .
 he was continued on  aspirin and started on a statin .
 she describes this as a left sided retroorbital severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines .
 the procedure was complicated by closure of the  right .
 received  by vein fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573 [MASK] for supportive care .
 routine [MASK] did not reveal any frank epilepsy activity , but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild encephalopathy of toxic , metabolic , or anoxic etiology .
 the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus .
 known lastname complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear .
  was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable gastric band placement .
 he was continued on a proton pump inhibitor as an inpatient .
 known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 cardiac catherization that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease .
 she required blood transfusion for dropping  drop from 30 to 20 with  .
 the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes .
 date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic pulmonary edema , he was started on / off on a lasix  lasix to keep him even for his lenght of stay .
 he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation .
 overnight he developed transient intracranial pressure to the low to mid 20s and became transiently bradycardic to the 40s .
 his time of death was 13 : 40 approximately 1 - 2 hrs after extubation .
 speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status .
 reports increased  swelling swelling x 2 - 3 wks , recently started on lasix + zaroxolyn for that .
 history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on bipap .
 he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175 - 1 - 21 ( day 1 was 2175 - 12 - 11 ) .
 she is frequently admitted to  ' s for  ' s .
 the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines .
 the am labs revealed at a stable hematocrit and elevated potassium of 5 . 8 .
 she was re - admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home .
 his condition improved and  patient was transferred to the floor on  postoperative days .
 he has been taking his seizure  taking your seizure and denies any seizure activity , no  tongue biting , no  urinary incontinence , no focal motor / sensory sxp [ signs and symptoms ] ' s , no  .
 post procedure bps were in the 90s from a baseline of 120 - 140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure .
 4 )  high blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan ,  well controlled on home regimen of of , , metoprolol .
 labs were significant for  proportion of red blood cells 31 . 8 ,  0 . 9 ,  < . 01 ,  . 2646 ( no baseline comparison ) .
 on day of discharge  intensive care unit and staff felt safe to discharge  to to rehab with close follow up .
 known lastname stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening ` ` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up . ` `
 he was brought for ct brain which showed acute right sdh with 1 . 2cm of mls as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal iph with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radiologist directly . )
 fluctuance over too long spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management .
  blood cells : his  was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent  drop , as low as 26 .
  body imaging was called who stated that they would perform  in  .
 she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum .
 the patient received pantoprazole 80mg  by vein ( although bleed appeared more small - large intestinal ) , two large bore ivs placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ) .
 the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation .
 they do suspect thar he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status .
 she did not some vaginal itches in the emergency room .
 he presented to hospital3 on 6 - 1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and c . diff positive .
 acute on chronic kidney failure :  has chronic kidney disease with baseline creatinine of 3 . 5 - 3 . 9 and presented with a creatinine of 5 . 8 and a hemoconcentrated  .
 in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus rhtyhm .
 on hd4 , the patient was discharged to home .
 at time of transfer , the  patient continued to require positive end - expiratory pressure of 15 , and fio2 of 60 to maintain sats in the low 90s .
 name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with  team and neurology .
 she was placed on  lung infection prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids .
 in , the  patient , the patient received a total of 3l normal saline ; his  low blood pressure responded to  , so he was bolused again .
 he has also been confused  , weaker with two falls at home with no  , , with with with two at at with no or head trauma , and has had poor appetite .
 this change was thought to be multifacted with infection ,  infection ,  ( dilantin new ) ,  , ?
 the following day , tues , she could n ' t sleep well secondary to lower back pain .
  should should receive nebul withdrawal withdrawal at rehab the the the the the for 4 days after discharge . should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4 - 5 days after discharge .
 parkinson ' s : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet .
 labs showed stable  blood flow at 11 . 3 / 33 . 2 ( 11 . 9 / 34 . 6 on  friday ) .
 there is evidence of very severe tracheomalacia with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope , and almost complete obstruction of the distal trachea .
 echo was performed which showed aortic stenosis , mild mr , 3 + tr , and moderate lung hypertension .
 likely etiology of encephalopathy felt to be  bleed with no sign of infection ( cxr with no sign of [MASK] , no urinary tract infection , no evidence of sbp however no ascites obtained ) .
 she had guaiac negative stools in  and in  .
 the patient did well post - operatively and was discharged on 7 - 13 .
 on review of systems , the patient denies  shortness of breath ,  , dizziness ,  ,  , , abd pain , dysuria .
 initial blood gas had a ph of 6 . 91 , a c02 of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 .
 the patient was kept  by vein due to his aspiration risk .
 the patient is a 70 year or years old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of l parieto - occipital hemorrhage .
 he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial continuous positive airway pressure .
 differential diagnosis for chest pain also includes  lung infection , pulm edema / heart failure , pna , pleurisy , and  , .
 during this admission blood cultures ,  body imaging torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis .
 as he was only on his  for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication .
 on admission to the  medical intensive care unit , vitals were : 97 . 8 , 68 , 97 / 59 , 97 % on  room air .
 in the  medical intensive care unit you were placed on two she was placed on two [MASK] ' s ( dilantin and keppra ) .
 heart doctor had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more hypotense to low 100 ' s , so was transferred to heart doctor service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 tid for
 he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen - containing sleep aid for insomnia .
 patient was maintained on a  blood flow to maintain normoglycemia and fingersticks were unremarkable .
 patient was given 500cc normal saline , had basic labs ( no imaging ) .
  blood filtering for several years , this was discontinued during the remainder of the hospital stay . has been on  for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay .
 he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation .
 his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated  follow appointments .
 she was given gentamicin and admitted to the  intensive care unit .
 the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in back neck space .
 the culture showed : gram stain ( final 2171 - 11 - 22 ) : no polymorphonuclear leukocytes seen .
 mr known lastname is a male with parkinson ' s  brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise ,  , fevers .
 given his post - test estimated probability of  ejection fraction was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation .
  ultrasound was done that was negative for acute choly .
 he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able .
 urinary output was a total of 400 cc while in  .
 she was briefly placed on  non - rebreather , but became very agitated and removed the  the the .
 the cerebellar signs and amnesia , fit well with well - known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to  and carbon monoxide poisoning .
  bleed on the floor you were initially stableally with stable of red blood cells . bleed on the floor she was initially hemodynamically stable with stable proportion of red blood cells .
 a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for hypercarbic breathing failure .
 there , nchct was unremarakable ( both the report and the images , which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler u / s of the carotids study was reportedly without evidence of stenosis .
 age over 90 years old female with history of heart  and  who presented with hypoxia and agitation .
 the patient was placed on  for a period of time .
 she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict  after the procedure .
 the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2 - 3g for 3 weeks pta ) , however , would likely be enough insult to cause acute hepatic toxicity from elevated tylenol levels / decreased clearance of tylenol .
 the patient was started on drug for  lung infection which was quickly weaned off .
 he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the  medical intensive care unit .
 known lastname 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of itp and iddm complicated by autonomic postural hypotension , recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic sdh after fall , was transferred from osh for acute on chronic sdh with 7mm midline shift s / p right burr hole drainage by hospital1
 patient is a 61 year - old female with  lack of red blood cells , anemia who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with  and anemia , clinically doing well .
  requiring intubation , volume resuscitation , and stabilization resuscitation , and stabilization resuscitation of packed red blood cells , and stabilization resuscitation units of packed red blood cells , and stabilization unit 0 - remained in post - anesthesia care unit 2166 - 12 - 29 overnight for brief  administration , volume resuscitation , 1u prbc , and observation .
 he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion .
 she was being on followup and further staging  body on follow and further evaluation scans were done .
 he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg po bid and will receive 3 sessions of ultrafiltration per week as an outpatient .
 there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67 / 45 ,  systolic blood pressure 130 ,  24 ,  100 . 8 axillary .
 we started her on oral feeds on 2102 - 5 - 15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation .
 a hga1c was checked and was 6 . 8 .
 53 yo w w / ms first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) urinary tract infections s / p hyponatremia and seizure .
  during this hospitalization might have been pre - kidney in the setting of aggressive diuretic use .
  transferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
 he had been discharged to rehab on 7 - 7 after being readmitted post surgery for breathing arrest .
 he remained hemodynamically stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech .
 aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed .
 in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for sao2 = 81 % on room air .
 date range 57887 : on 10 - 14 patient had tracheostomy tube placed and percutaneous a surgical operation tube placed for feeding .
 hypoxia and hypercapnea improved , patient was extubated after 1 . 5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air .
 + dizziness , no syncope ,  extension vomiting , diaphoresis or other associated symptoms .
 this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to deficiency of calcium in the bloodstream .
 he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3 - 9 days either ; he reports this is because ` ` i ' m on too many pills . ` `
 she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the  emergency department .
 she has been flipping in and out of atrial fibrillation frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of afib since that hospitalization .
 he was placed on a 1 : 1 sitter while in house .
 her risk factors for doctor last name included  liver and hyperparathyroidism .
 a mri brain / magnetic resonance angiography carotids revealed mild - to - moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation , high - grade stenosis of the right internal carotid bifurcation .
 prophylaxis : holding heparin , not tolerating boots , cont proton pump inhibitor full code .
 he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum .
 on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily .
 he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures .
 was in her usual state of health when yesterday afternoon ( 7 - 10 ) she began having a ` ` choking sensation ` ` - like pain in her chest .
 they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of hours .
 epicardial pacing wires were removed on post - op day three .
 prominent r wave in lead wave in the frontal plane without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy .
 this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187 - 4 - 19 with severe periumbilical abdominal pain ,  and vomitting .
 initially  held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of  held and sepsis .
 the patient had had no chest pain ,  ,  ,  or vomiting .
  ethanol abuse :  states her last drink was about 5mo ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture .
 at that time , the family plans to terminally extubate her .
 her repeat  body imaging at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital  blood .
 patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8 - 19 and underwent the above stated procedure .
 the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on - call liver doctor and / or tumor doctor fellow .
 he reports his last chest pain was on 12 - 10 . .
 she went to her pcp ' s office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92 / 50 ,  of 105 , so she was sent to the  for evaluation for possible  .
 the patient was fitted with a bipap mask overnight , which he tolerated okay .
 the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , sharp , lower abdominal pain ( 7 - 5 , constant , rlq / rmq ) with pain in her mid back .
 procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent .
 per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist .
 given the severity of his disease , the cardiac surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization .
 3 ) dmii : today advanced  today ' s diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume  patient ' s outpt insulin 50u  + qhs while regular insulin sliding scale .
 international normalized ratio 2 . 0 with fibrinogen 104 the blood urea nitrogen - to - creatinine ratio 64 / 2 . 9 hematocrit 28 white blood cell count 20 platelets 131 on arrival to the micu , patient is intubated and sedated and unable to provide further history .
 since his discharge on 12 - 30 , mr . name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol .
 states has had periodic  shortness of breath , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks .
 year old male with pmhx of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1 - l2 [ lumbar vertebraes ] transverse process fracture and chronic pain who p / w difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid benzodiazepine and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long - term monitoring admission .
 she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural hematoma .
 cardiac surgery was consulted and on 12 - 21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous  .
  blood : patient test measures the amount of blood sugar attached to hemoglobin indicates excellent control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues with partially low  patient measures the amount of blood pressure to to to to your your your , , , , and , had had had had had had had with .
 he will be discharged on a proton pump inhibitor at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily .
 patient was admitted with  shortness of , confusion , and decreased hearing in his right ear , and no localizing or lateralizing signs .
 sleep  patient - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of  lung disease , for which she has been on bipap in the past .
 on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with  visiting nursing association services .
 superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of coag .
  continues to be acutely disturbed state of mind and is transferred to medicine for further work - up .
 the patient ' s course was complicated by afib w / rvr which responded to diltiazem .
 a  body imaging was negative for  lung infection , and a  body imaging of her head was negative for any acute process .
  was complaining of light - headedness but no abdominal pain .
 per wife , patient complained of  and vomited 2 - 3x this afternoon .
 known lastname 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157 - 1 - 28 .
 acute cytomegalovirus infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , diarrhea and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness .
 the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6 - 16 .
 she was seen by toxicology who recommended iv n - acetyl cysteine and hepatology agreed .
  body imaging of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal  .
  20 . 6 prior to transfer and received 1 units packed red blood cells 20 . 6 prior to transfer and received 1 u packed red blood cells .
 patient was treated with  lung infection and airway was monitored .
 coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic .
 started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6 . 6 l normal saline .
 hyponatremia : hypovolemic  in the as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above .
 dr . last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor .
 anemia / thrombocytopenia : concern is for persistent bleed into the  body and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact pulses on both sides and per ortho recs , compartment syndrome is a near impossibility in thigh .
 however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly  shortness of breath .
 he also report an episode of left eye viral conjunctivitis .
 on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate .
 however , considering  patient ' s poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent .
 a repeat  body imaging at that time was consistent with discitis , osteomyelitis and primarily ventral epidural abscess at thoracic nerve pair 6 , t7 and [MASK] have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7 - 29 .
 the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on  cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event .
  by vein was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine  , and valium .
 his  low blood pressure resolved ( resolved (  on on the 59 on leaving the  ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity .
 she is s / p  placement of placement with episodes of  firing .
 he also reports intermittant cough dyspnea on exertion over the same time period .
 additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix  by vein .
 they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2 - 2 . 5 liters ) and heparinization for his atrial fibrillation .
 possibly going for  heart attack - [MASK] - bb - high dose statin - will trend cardiac enzymes until peak .
 in the  intensive care unit , a central line was urgently placed .
 diabetes - insulin drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1  with reasonable glucose control .
 throuhgout his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored .
 on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid .
 given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired  lung infection , though aspiration  remained on the differential .
 he was successfully extubated on 11 - 4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures .
 he underwent a bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level on 1 - 11 which showed strep pneumo .
 she was evaluated by surgery , with review of  body imaging films with radiology , and felt not to have inflammation of the appendix .
 acute renal failure : the patient ' s serum creatinine was elevated to 1 . 9 at  outside hospital from a baseline 0 . 9 .
 on 2141 - 8 - 30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation .
 there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound .
 prevention : proton pump inhibitor , heparin  drop transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) .
 patient reports using 600 - 1200mg of advil , alleve on top of advil .
 he was also started on digoxin at the  also started on ami at the for his  for for your your and and and was also started on amiodarone .
 patient then underwent an angiogram , angiographic , angiography on 2170 - 11 - 27 which demonstrated no aneurysm and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery  right .
 she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure .
 atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but nesynephrine was required to avoid unde tachycardia .
 anemia :  patient was 31 on the last day .
 patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home .
 known lastname 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems .
 vancomycin trough was obtained on 2167 - 2 - 8 and was withion target range ( 17 ) . pulmonary consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended lung rehab .
 beta blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin .
 he went to the  operating room with dr first name4 last name .
 8 - 7 : abdominal exam worsens , ( + )  pain , ( + ) rebound .
 dehydration :  patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low po intake and later on with abundant  .
 pulsus was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay .
 patient was put on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay .
 she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139 - 1 - 24 .
 the  body imaging revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a [MASK] was performed , and sludge was extracted .
 in the emergency room he was found to have a hematocrit of red blood cells of 23 . 3 .
 he also has essential producing too many platelets which is associated with increased white blood cell counts in situations of inflammatory stress .
 his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 .
 the patient had complications of  upper endoscopy , duodenal stump leak and stricture .
 he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness .
 80 years old female with history ( of ) of stroke from cerebral amyloid angiopathy who presents with  past x 1 week .
 * * as a note , the patient ' s lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his bilateral pleural effusions .
 the following day his cr dropped to 1 . 3 and he was sent for a cta with pe protocol which was indeterminate for pe due to motion artifact but did not show thrombus in the aortoiliac or pelvic veins .
 the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro prn for chest pain .
 he has recieved 11 units of red blood cells , 2 of  , and 4 amps of bicarbonate for a ph of 6 . 7 .
 with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below - knee popliteal bypass .
 her symptoms were felt to be secondary to  , antiemetics were held and the patient ' s headache treated with tylenol as needed .
 no chest pain , blurry vision ,  bl dist vision , , melena ,  , .
 started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house .
 she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening kidney failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3 . 0 , almost no urine output , and liver function tests in the 7 , 000s .
 she was discharged home to follow - up with dr . last name 957 in clinic .
 at the  emergency department , concern was for aspiration  lung infection ( cxr demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe [MASK] ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) .
 echo showed preserved  swelling with decreased movement inferior wall in the  lateral in the territory .
 his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge .
 5 )  patient : well controlled with poor eating - - recent  of 6 . 6 - - continue lantus , sliding scale , care given poor  of - - - - - - - , , , , , , , , by by mouth by mouth by mouth by mouth by mouth . by mouth . by mouth .
 an echo showed a severely enlarged  at 6 . 3cm with an  of 55 % and an  at at at atm with with with valve area of 0 . 7cm2 .
 as  patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg three times a day ( from latin ter in die ) ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal .
 baseline in 60s - 70s during the day .
 71 year old female with  hepatitis , etoh hepatitis who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess .
 heparin bolused and  patient begun in  as  in has missed am fondux .
 we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural  formation .
 the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago .
 the patient was started on broad spectrum abx that were narrowed appropriately .
 known lastname 26890 was admitted to  outside hospital from clinic for increasing  shortness of breath .
 known lastname notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling  .
 seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care .
 she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease .
 no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and inr / albumin were preserved .
 however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized .
 she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor .
 he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to fluctuate , though it overall improved .
 he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration .
 bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without tamponade of the bleeding .
 known lastname 44908 is a 82 year - old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus , hypertension , hypercholesterolemia who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain .
 she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior .
 [MASK] is an 81 years old man w / h / o avr , 1v cabg , recurrent falls over last few months , multiple pnas , initially admitted on 9 - 30 with fever of unknown origin and diffuse lymphadenopathy .
 iron studies in month ( only )  increase low iron , elevated ferritin .
 she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation .
 coronaries : patient has significant risk factors for  high blood pressure , given  high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease , long smoking history ,  , , etc .
 he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
 on 2137 - 3 - 1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr . last name and underwent a cabg x 3 with left internal mammary artery to the lad , saphenous vein graft to the om , and saphenous vein graft to the rca .
 *  methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia :  found to have diagnosed right rightanan line with 4 / 4 positive positive positive for found to have infected right subclavian line with 4 / 4 blood cultures ( + ) for  .
 confirms auditory hallucinations telling her to wreak vengeance on herself .
 patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or epistaxis .
 at radius on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his  fistula .
 known lastname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118 - 9 - 13 for surgical management of his  valve disease .
 since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available .
 her blood pressure was 80 / 40 and  low blood pressure was in the 50 ' s .
 on 9 - 8 code status was discussed  patient mr . g ' s wife and extended family members present .
 intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen .
 there was also moderate mitral stenosis with moderate mitral backward flowing .
 she resentd with recurrent abdominal pain initiall thought to be  .
  low blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the  without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
 however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling fearful , paranoid and unsafe to go home .
 crohn ' s disease : patient is  multiple surgeries with short gut and an  on chronic  .
 hypotension : hypotension likely in part due to early sepsis ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from circadian difficile infection requiring aggressive ivf resuscitation and brief micu admission .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history .
 the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and heart and lung resuscitation was begun .
 the patient is a 45 - year - old male with cryptogenic cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c encephalopathy , ascites , sbp , hepatorenal syndrome and grade i esophageal varices .
 of note , her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar / mediastinal / supraclavicular nodes .
 echo showed severe  insufficiency with a preserved  .
 for surgical details , please see seperate dictated operative note .
 the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical [MASK] for hourly flap checks .
 his  blood pressure prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were  in the 120 ' s and  in thes ' s and in the 80 ' s .
 she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with normal saline ivf .
 in the  emergency department , diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized .
 he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
 80 f with multiple medical problems , including cad , chf , peripheral vascular disease , type 2 diabetes , formerly known as non - insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) . , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated white blood cell , some nausea today with poor po intake who was found to
 chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on path .
 her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median .
 a pulmunary embolism was noted on the admission  body imaging scan .
 at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid .
 her mental status and oxygen improved as her bicarbonate normalized .
 on review of systems , he denies pain other than his baseline medullary sponge kidney uk : musculoskeletal complaints .
 51  patient with history significant for  obstructive obstructive lung disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160 - 9 - 10 for  chronic obstructive lung disease exacerbation .
 female multiple icu admissions for problemname 115 breathing function including repiratory arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the micu on 1 - 3 with increased secretions and decreased functional breathing reserve , concerning for neurologic induced weakness .
 on day 7 , she was discharged to home in stable condition after central venous line removal without incident .
 she was taken to the hospital1 18 emergency room for evaluation by emergency medical service ( s ) .
 further evaluation included lung consultation given his severe  .
 metastatic thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain , bone , lungs .
 anal manometry study was performed 1 - 17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation .
 his breathing status improved with oxygen saturations of 96 - 99 % on room air from requiring lymph node cell .
 they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given  ' s ' s kindey function .
 the paramedics noted a  in the 70 ' s which responded to  .
 she was started on treatment for  lung infection with midodrine and octreotide .
 he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent  body imaging which revealed colitis and bleeding from right side colon .
 a recent chest  chest x - ray and spirometry with dr . last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease .
 his chest tubes were discontinued postoperative days 5 without complication .
 discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to cmo [ comfort measures only ] .
 she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper extremity against gravity .
 diabetes mellitus : he was discharged home on a regimen of  blood filtering 12 - 10 .
 on 2136 - 5 - 29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction .
  of the head on 10 - 30 was reviewed and was negative for narrowing of the arteries .
 by this time her or wound cultures from 2168 - 3 - 2 confirmed ' beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin  per  recommendations .
 a blood culture resulted on 10 - 2 and showed gpc ' s in 3 - 26 bottles .
 she was readmitted on 11 - 18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at congenital hypothyroidism in association with  pain pain pain pain . pain .
 70 years old man with remote history ugib , known diverticulosis who presented with brbpr at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with significant hct drop 1 ) lower gi bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes brbpr ( 7 - 9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have
 fluids , electrolytes , and nutritio :  patient for now with  until deemed stable .
 an  body imaging was not performed at this time due to risk of herniation with the present  .
 she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to euthermia and subsequently transferred to the floor .
 blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt gtt .
 he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit .
 she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan .
 maternal history was significant for insufficient amniotic fluid which was self - resolved .
 her headaches sound consistent with intracranial  brain given their positional nature and suggest continued  leak and symptomatic pseudomeningocele .
 esophageal ca : ongoing chemotherapy and last name ( lf ) 16859 , first name3 ( lf ) oncology .
  on pentobarb coma - no corneals , gag or motor response to pain at that time .
  by vein exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and iv solumedrol on admission and required  .
 altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 .
 initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hours of high - dose steroids .
 he initially required pressor support but has improved from a  perspective and was called out to the floor .
 he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a st .
 right hallux - - during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
 based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment .
 known lastname known lastname is the former 2 . 395 kg product of a 35 - 5 / 7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22 - year - old g1 p0 woman .
 records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s - 130s / 40s - 60s .
 he will follow - up at hospital1 112 with dr . last name 32963 .
 she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva .
 he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and  arm .
 7 . 22 / 41 / 294 / 18 , so breathing rate was increased to 22 .
 stage iii  type with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone , prn oxycodone .
 he was emergently taken to the operating room for a bilateral burr holes for evacuation of his subdurals .
 baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant , born by cesarean section for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery .
 he was started on zyvox 4 days prior to this presentation .
 a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2 - 12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation .
 6 - 7 : afebrile , fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent  .
 because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a  body imaging head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral edema but no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage , abnormal protrusion or ischemia .
 the hematology / oncology service was consulted , and per their recs the patient received iv dextran , vitamin b12 injections , folate , epogen 20 , 000 units three times per week .
 47 years old m presented with 8 / 10 mid - sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital .
 known lastname 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124 - 5 - 30 and taken to the operating room for vertebra release through an anterior approach .
 this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7 , using a pig - tail catheter .
 hypoxia - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath .
 it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds .
 the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions .
 he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort .
 the wound vac dressing was last changed 11 - 8 , the [MASK] was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home .
 she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever .
 54 years old male d / c ' d from hospital1 18 with  of pneumonia on 9 - 10 returns 9 - 11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening lung edema from  and rehab .
 he remained asymptomatic despite his anemia and continued to maintain good  .
 over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four .
 38 years old f with history of type i dm , gastroparesis requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to ed on 4 - 11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( ` ` unable to measure ` ` by glucometer ) , + polyuria , + excessive thirst , nausea with vomiting , and headache .
 after this , his  remained stable for the next 3 days .
 patient was transferred to the floor on hd2 / pod1 .
 known lastname past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , status post pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous fistula in the perineum .
 cardiac catheterization done on 7 - 19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the  and 99 %  and a small but normal circumflex .
 at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 u lantus each night , with 3 u pre - prandial humalog .
 elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as etiology though more likely is pancreatitis , no nausea , vomiting , some epigastric tenderness , could be pancreatitis caused by medications , or potential autoimmune .
 he developed hepatorenal syndrome ( creatinine 6 . 0 , inr 7 . 0 and measures indirect bilirubin and direct bilirubin 52 ) and contrast  .
 he was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue (  ulcer ) and breathing sources ( aspiration  ) .
 upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the  emergency department the patient reported 3 - 25 chest pain and his  was notable for st depressions in v1 - v3 .
 she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and  inhibitor .
 she has a follow up appointment with dr . last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160 - 6 - 17 . .
 however , 1 - 2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and  shortness of breath .
 the  body imaging scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute .
 she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with  low blood pressure and increased  shortness of breath requirement .
 please see dr . name 81819 history and physical for full detail .
 renal :  patient - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter .
 2 ) lung blood clot : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus tachycardia and mild oxygen requirement , a chest cta was obtained , which revealed a lll lung embolism .
 she will have a repeat  body imaging and  ' s ' s in one month to monitor her lung function once  treatment has finished .
 the patient was weaned off sedation on  postoperative days 2 .
 before he got a chance to take his high - dose prednisone , he decided to come to the  operating room .
 given the risk of  blood vessel with oral anticoagulation in amyloid proteins called amyloid build up on the walls of the arteries in the brain , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention .
 name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids .
 diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized .
 acid / base status :  7 . 16 / 50 / 75 / 19 , ag 13 on day of admission .
 she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first international normalized ratio draw will be monday 2 - 24 with international normalized ratio goal 2 . 5 - 3 . 5 for mechanical mitral valve .
 there was a question of fournier ' s gangrene of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the  .
 id was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while gallbladder tube is in place .
 sputum recultured from 2113 - 8 - 6 is growing  , unspeciated at this point .
 this improved when his diuresis was halted and he has remained relatively  without supplemental lasix .
 her heart electrical activity detection showed sinus bradycardia but was otherwise normal .
 she underwent repeat  body imaging by  body imaging which demonstrated an actively oozing avm which was treated with cautery .
 with  right ,  , hypercholestermia and history of ruptured  who presented with chest pain this morning and was found to have an inferior stemi with total occlusion of  .
 left ethmoid adenocarcinoma :  cancer : with rx with resection / radiation in past ; recent recurrence as prescribed with resection .
 tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 tid to 100 qid , with caution regarding blood pressure ( mostly sbp 100 - 130 ) and concern
 id : possible sources of infection included  lung infection , vs rectovag fistual vs meningitis resulting in a septic picute .
 during the time in the  time in the , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
 5 days ago patient experienced 12 - 31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , assocaiated with mild  lower lower lower abdominal pain .
 we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change .
 post catheterization she had an intra - heart artery balloon pump placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring .
 at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an ace inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 3953 .
 initially  patient , he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride .
 he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head  body imaging which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190 ' s / 110s ( treated there with iv labetolol ) .
  physical therapy 4  cleared for home with services .
 vascular saw the  patient and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure .
 patient received leukophoresis , and anti - cancer agent with white blood cell decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand .
 she will have this followed up by her cardiologist .
 a pericardiocentesis was performed on 8 - 6 , and he was transferred to the  intensive care unit following the procedure .
 we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved white blood cell count .
 she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right ventriculostomy drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions .
 he remained in  emergency department and was discharged to home with  visiting nursing association services on [MASK] 5 .
 since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped .
 the patient saw his primary care physician in the office and received an heart electrical activity detection which was reported as being abnormal .
 mr . known lastname 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes .
 hypertension - restarted lisinopril , bblocker once blood pressure was stable .
 emergency medical service ( s ) was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head  body imaging showed a positive subarachnoid hemorrhage and bifrontal contusion .
  once was consulted in  who recommended bringing down his international normalized ratio , transfusing as needed , and  once stablilized .
 a repeat  body imaging scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung .
 endocrine was consulted and they rec ' d synthroid 50 , and outpatient  outside hospital at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990 .
 iron deficiency anemia : he was noted to have iron deficiency anemia and treated with  by vein iron replacement in the hospital .
 at this point , her  scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation .
 she underwent an echo which showed moderate lung edema .
 post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit .
 given no  body imaging on bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level , did not cover staph auerus (  blood level , ) .
 in the  emergency department , initial  vital signs were : were :  : 97 . 9 ,  : 70 blood pressure : 197 / 122 ,  : 14
 dysphagia : attributed to his underlying parkinson ' s and  .
 this is a 71 - year - old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain .
 after receiving the diazepam in the  emergency department , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect .
 he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg vec and 100 mg medicine at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip .
 postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring .
 he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university / college 23633 on 2108 - 6 - 11 .
 serum  by vein , drug , drug , tricyc negative .
 overnight on 1 - 11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with  by vein dilaudid .
 extubated early the following morning in  emergency department on indulin and neo drips .
 in the ambulance , had runs of  on and off with  on on and with with .
 doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle brain artery which raised the question of severe fetal anemia .
 she will follow up with dr . last name 497 on 2176 - 9 - 13 . .
 during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical / thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago .
 she states her mother ' s mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1 - 22 .
 foley catheter was d / c ' d , as was her central line .
 by the time of discharge on  postoperative days * * * * the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
 it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal gastropathy in setting of recent  use .
 on  1 she was started on betablockade , lasix and statin therapy .
 s / p icd and lead extraction on 2109 - 11 - 19 ,  patient has remained hemodynamically stable , afebrile , no signs of systemic infection .
 the procedure was done via the right radial approach .
 they recommended lantus 14 u qhs and humalog sliding scale , as well as metformin .
 a cardiac catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with angioplasty .
 bone doctor was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171 - 9 - 4 for orif .
 she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin  drop .
 work - up included  body imaging ultrasound and liver  body imaging per above .
 74 - year - old right - handed woman with a history of right - sided superior mca stroke and right - sided sdh presents with left - sided facial droop , left - sided upper and lower extremity weakness in a upper motor neuron pattern , left - sided neglect , and left - sided extinction to double touch .
 she was given lasix 80mg  by vein ,  mucomyst , placed on a non - rebreather and had a  protocol  , placed , placed on a non - rebreather and she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153 . .
 he then had a bleeding scan which was negative .
 patient was discharged with instructions to return for heart electrical activity detection within one week of discharge , to see pcp in followup for chemistries and cbc ( while on indomethacin ) within one week , and to return to see dr . first name8 last name in cardiology within two weeks to review heart electrical activity detection results .
 he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so  cause was consulted .
 fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his ms improved .
  high blood pressure is a 72 years old male with  of  with with ,  , peripheral vascular disease with stent leg ( ?
 he was admitted to the  medical intensive care unit for further monitoring .
 she was seen by  body imaging on 2187 - 8 - 23 and started on olanzapine 2 . 5mg hospital1 with improvement .
  had flat jugular venous pressure and warm extremities , no evidence of  .
 the following morning ( 7 - 13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with blood pressure 80 / 40 and was nonpassage of urine .
 post procedure  blood pressure pressure went drom 15 - > 10 pericardial pressure from 15 - > 3 .
 74 - year - old m with history htn , papillary kidney cell ca s / p resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal pancreatetomy with splenectomy for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123 - 11 - 1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and
 the patient is a 45 year - old number of pregnancies 5 para 1 , last menstrual period 2131 - 7 - 11 who presented with severe dysmenorrhea and dysfunctional uterine bleeding .
 with initiation of dialysis extension membrane filtration and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask .
 his hospital course by systems until the events on 12 - 13 is as
 nervous system : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new ischemic event vs . recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems vs . seizure with post - ictal state vs . toxic - metabolic .
 another  body imaging of the belly was done on 1 - 25 showing increased perihepatic and perisplenic ascites .
 anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response .
 admitted to  medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg  by vein x 1 .
 after stabilizing in  emergency department , off bipap and on doing well on  blood filtering he was sent to the medicine floor .
 the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission .
 patient ' s management at  outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a  blood bump from 1 . 1 to 2 . 7 , thought possibly to be 3 - 20 contrast nephropathy from [MASK] on 3 - 18 .
 also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
 was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature .
 this was thought to be iatrogenic 1 - 15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for  lung infection .
  demonstrated persistent st elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior  ' s , and with q - waves as well .
 csf herpes simplex virus and venereal diseases research laboratory ( old test for syphilis ) pending at time of transfer .
 the patient was extubated on 2112 - 7 - 16 ,  2 , without event .
  performed 1 - 1 showed no evidence of infection .
 known lastname ' long history of prednisone for  high blood pressure , in context of  and  associated with these episodes .
 the  patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg / min  .
 respiratory , respirations :  patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having temp pacer .
 74 years old f with an extensive smoking history ,  high blood pressure not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with  chronic obstructive lung disease exacerbation , and found to have nstemi on admission .
 the patient ' s chief complaint was right flank pain .
 at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation .
 she was treated empirically with vanc / zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge .
 she has not been on any prolonged trips , had any recent surgeries , been immobilized recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one .
 she denied any abdominal pain and had a benign abdominal exam .
 does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was previosly evaluated by his doctor .
 he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip .
  did not show peaked t waves , but rate was 130 - 150s ,  ,  , , , st dep i ,  , , ii , v4 - 6 .
 male with metastatic  lung lung lung  lung infection with mets to brain admitted with  .
 a total of 40  packed red blood cells of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of  .
 she was given sodium bicarbonate for treatment of her  ethanol overdose as per protocol .
 for management of her rib fractures pain control and lung toilet have been the primary goal .
 hypokalemia :  ' s potassium was repleted in setting of  use & withdrawal .
 amiodarone is known to rarely cause pancreatitis ; the patient ' s amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge .
 when his vision did not return he went to the  operating room where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 ' s .
 the infant emerged with a good cry , was dried , bulb suctioned and given blow - by oxygen to maintain pink color .
  liver of liver disease with history of liver disease status post post / day / day ( 3 ) . :  with history of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month / day ( 3 ) 54267 .
 acute cholecystitis : pt p / w ruq pain , leukocytosis , and low - grade fever at her rehab .
 iron studies revealed normal iron level , total iron - binding capacity of 263 , ferritin 308 .
 chronic kidney disease on  blood filtering : she was continued on  blood filtering with goal to remove excess fluid with ultrafiltration .
 he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder .
 afterwards , a  right under the left pectoralis , which was thought to be related to the manipulation .
 a subdural drain was placed in the  and leveled at shoulder .
 her coumadin was held , but her international normalized ratio did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional  by vein vitamin k with good response of her international normalized ratio .
 she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness of breath ,  shortness breath , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea .
 this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be choking .
 per rehab notes , patient with low - grade fever on 9 - 23 , pancultured ,  , with bibasilar atelectasis .
 from a breathing standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask .
 the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , right lobe hepatocellular carcinoma , status post radiofrequency ablation on 2154 - 5 - 1 who presents preop for a liver transplant in a . m .
 was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient ' s cardiologist dr . last name 5686 . .
 the patient was admitted on 6 - 14 for  upper endoscopy and resection of a duodenal mass .
 hematocrits were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized .
 an  body imaging of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve .
 during her stay in the  intensive care unit , transaminitis recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving , likely ambisome .
 female with hypothyroidism , history of obesity now  now presents bypass causing anemia requiring  heart iron q3months , and history of svt in the past presents with  and leg swelling .
 three days later on 2121 - 10 - 12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872 .
 throughout the operating room , the patient remained hemodynamically stable and afebrile .
 infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin .
 pneumonia : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe pneumonia and  lung disease exacerbation .
 she also has a positive troponin , but had no  have a positive troponin , but had no or  changes and no  was given due to the  .
 18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service c / o abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey .
 a torso  body imaging scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable .
 male with history of non - ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy ( lvef 20 % ) , copd , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse since 2 - 13 .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , patient ' s  vital signs were 97 . 7 ,  96 , blood pressure 137 / 72 ,  15 , 98 %  .
 was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no etiology of bleeding found .
 transplant team pulled his  line line line and was sent for culture . line and tip was sent for culture .
 review of ct abdomen by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for  lung infection .
 there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks .
 he was noted to have decompensated dilated cardiomyopathy with a 2d - echo showing 3 + mitral backward flowing with an  ejection fraction of 15 % . of 15 - 20 % .
 due to concern for high clot burden in bilateral upper extremities , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin .
 the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by heart doctor for potential mitral procedure to repair a heart valve as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this .
 he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with blood pressure decreasing slightly .
 hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness .
 her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re - explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially ischemic bowel .
 fen - previous electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with  and hypovolemia including hypovolemic hyponatremia and loss of bicarb in  .
 during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite .
 on 7 - 13 he was noted with increasing lfts and lipase ; magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening bleeding collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagulopathic with an international normalized ratio of ~ 6 ) .
 name is a 49 year - old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years .
 bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on  chest x - ray .
 she was given blow - by  swelling and facial continuous positive airway pressure .
 the ed consulted heart doctor , who were not surprised by the very mild troponin elevation in the setting of likely seizure extension tachycardia in a patient with known cad ; they recommended trending the troponin and ecg ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling sbp < 140 and hr < 80 with iv
 patient was given 40  by vein lasix with minimal response .
 pt was transferred from the  intensive care unit to the floor and the  drain was d / c  .
  had low  , heparin was dc ' d .
 beta blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery .
 in the  medical intensive care unit on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and  shortness of breath .
 his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive .
 will continue at current dose , recheck  serial as outpatient .
 the right coronary artery had 90 %  left just before getting off the posterior descending artery .
 he was closely followed by  closely , lung , and  lung disease .
 coronary artery disease : pt had elevated tn , in setting of severe bradycardia ,  high blood pressure 17 - 20s .
 of note in her  office you were given 2 days of levaq and levaq without without without . office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement .
 age over 90 f w / cad ( s / p pci 2165 ) , chf ( ef 40 % ) , htn , dmii , chronic kidney disease stage iv , and history of distant breast cancer who presented to the ed with worsening lower back pain .
 following surgery she was brought to the  operating room for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
 it also showed an anteroapical ischemia that was new .
 89 year old russian speaking male with cad s / p cabg in 2169 , medically managed nstemi 9 - / 2182 , afib ( not on coumadin ) , tachy / brady syndrome s / p dual chamber ppm 2175 , dm , chf ( ef 45 - 50 % ) , and peripheral
 discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted .
 50 years old f with no significant  lung disease who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with  .
 she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function .
 all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination .
 trop continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on  body imaging .
 of note , she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the massachusetts eye and ear infirmary for her macular degeneration .
 lung : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated .
 repeat  body imaging scan showed fluid around the  left anterior descending graft .
 she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
 also being treated for  lung infection ( vanc / cefepime / flagyl for  lung infection ( d1 = 8 - 28 for 8 days ) .
 target under low - density lipoprotein 70 , but at 78 and this was not perfect non - fasting level .
 she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a  next week .
 known lastname 107587 is an 84 - year - old man with hoarseness and left vocal cord paralysis .
 he had a chest  body imaging demonstrating his known pleural effuion but no infiltrates .
 desmopressin acetate was avoided out of concern for worsening  shortness of breath .
  speciation and sensitivies showed pseudomonas oxytoca sensitive to amp / sulbactam .
 with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and ws beginning to trend back to normal by discharge .
 she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home .
 ms . known lastname 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from osh watt persistent cholangitis / biliary obstruction s / p known lastname stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common hepatic duct extending to hilum .
 by emergency medical service ( s ) report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces , apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week .
 a head  body imaging was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head  body imaging ' s .
 while on the  medical intensive care unit floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitro gtt .
 catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 38 % .
 the patient reports a month long period of exertional  swelling manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback , relieved with rest .
 on depakote at nursing home , but seizure history unclear .
 right lower extremity ultrasound was limited due to patient ' s contractures , but no obvious  much much fluid .
 during his stay , a a surgical operation tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings .
 patient ' s vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication .
 subsequent heart electrical activity detection did not reveal any evidence of pericardial effusion .
 they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an  ,  and multivitamin .
 it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild  shortness of breath , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing .
 pt told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , pt was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his pcp and asking him / her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management further .
 went back to  operating room for sternal washout and closure on  postoperative days 2 .
 61 years old m with past multiple myeloma treated with chemotherapy and radiotherapy ( external ) , multiple hospital admissions for pneumonia in recent months , now admitted on 7 - 5 for lower extremity paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , complicated by upper extremity dvt , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now s / p biopsy .
 following  patient the patient had several episodes of  shortness of breath , one of which necessitated transfer to the  intensive care unit .
 afib : paroxysmal afib known on history with afib and  during  stay requiring a combination of betablockers and calcium channel blocker as well as initiation of amiodarone .
 in 7 - 3 , patient complained of  right extension shoulder pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18  emergency department due to her breathing distress from b / l aspiration pneumonia .
 she has subsequently developed symptoms of  swelling subsequently developed with  with edema , five pound weight ,  ,  ,  , .
 he subsequently went into  secondary to septic shock , with elevated createnine and oliguria .
  lung infection : the patient was diagnosed with  lung infection on  , and has tolerated 7 + 3 therapy without complaint .
 consider cardiology follow - up as outpatient given echo finding of intracardiac shunt
 liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
 of note , blood pressure spiked to 198 / 96 during this episode , but trended down to 160 ' s / 90 ' s .
 last year , was at location 38 at which time started celexa , buspar , and haldol .
 he was transferred to the cardiac surgery recovery unit on levophed , milirone , epinephrine , and vasopressin with  with .
 reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an exercise tolerance test combined with radioactive tracer scan on 2103 - 12 - 24 which
 hence she was put on continuous positive airway pressure for some time .
 cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain ,  shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal  on exertion , orthopnea , ankle  , syncope or presyncope .
 sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to ciprofloxacin and therefore zosyn was discontinued .
 nephrology was consulted and emergently placed an  line and initiated  line and with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity .
 an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any sign of mass or bleed .
  blood clot was done to r / o ischemia noting no evidence of acute ischemia , or acute  .
 physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning .
 name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his  regarding his physical therapy / international normalized ratio levels .
 afib with  lung disease : new onset during this admission .
 of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here .
 on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke , tia , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
 given cardiac enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until hemodynamics stabilized .
 her heart function is stable with a preserved  ejection fraction at 60 - 65 % , no significant valvular abnormality .
 her creatinine initially improved with diuresis but her diuresis limit was reached and she became  .
  - patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at - home actos dose .
 the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for diuresis .
 he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18  emergency department .
 the mass was biopsied and revealed an adenoma with high grade presence of cells of an abnormal type .
 for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay .
 for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin  and coumadin  .
 2191 - 7 - 31 remains in  breathing , slightly sedated , intubated - weaning to continuous positive airway pressure , then as tolerated .
 while in the [MASK] he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic / clonic , generlized , with face deviating to the left , looked like grand - mal , brief ) .
 the family was not comfortable making her  swelling on holiday .
 this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency medical service ( s ) arrived .
 there her  were stable and a 3 way foley was placed .
 on transfer to the ccu the patient denied any current symptoms .
 atrial fibrillation with rvr :  abnormal heart rate to 150s in the  emergency department , given 10mg iv dilt x 2 and 30mg po dilt with some response (  by decreased to 120s ) .
 the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty .
 the procedure was successful , with recanalization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small thrombus in the right  right which was not flow limiting .
 extraocular movements intact ( see eye movement ) and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 glasses , but did not have them with him during this admission .
 she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic .
 she was initially admitted there on 2170 - 5 - 9 directly from the office for workup of ascites .
 after a few minutes  patient became became completely non - responsive and was intubated by anesthesia .
 the patient is a 3120 g , 38 - week , male , born to a 36 - year - old , number of pregnancies 3 , para 12 , female .
 for the first several days he was placed in a halo and given morphine for pain control .
 the  body imaging were discussed with the the the , were reviewed with the radiologists ,  team , and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection / infectious inflammation of the muscles was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) .
 a comprehensive workup for reversible etiologies was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , human immunodeficiency virus , cytomegalovirus , ebv , b12 , hepatitis b , hepatitis c , serum lead , rheumatoid factor , doctor first name , c - reactive protein , erythrocyte sedimentation rate , human chorionic gonadotropin , lft , spep
 this study was limited by gado so they perform another  body imaging .
 on exam , she was responding ` ` yah ` ` to all questions .
 transferred to floor , then after  consult , decision was made to  consult consult consult , decision was made to levaquin as well , with plan of 7days of vancomycin after her central line  ' d .
 as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the icu team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation , compounded by an increase in secretions due to vap [ ventilator - associated pneumonia ] , the decision was made to proceed to trach and peg .
  placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin .
 after the operation , he was brought to the  operation , you were brought to the on minimal inotropic support .
 his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge .
 the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse .
 the catheterization showed double occlusion of  right , no intervention was done .
 it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal .
 cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs non - alcoholic steatohepatitis cirrhosis complicated by esophagel , gastric , and rectal varices .
 he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the cardiac surgery  operation well and was transferred to the cardiac surgery in stable condition .
 of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis .
 she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course .
 in each case , the  was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions , after which she came back into  .
 known lastname 496 presented to  outside hospital via ambulance from group home for evaluation of abdominal pain w / n / v x 6 days .
 of note patient was recently discharged from  outside hospital in 4 - 29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status .
 her last stress test was a myocardial perfusion imaging test in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects .
 her fevers are likely related to her hiv and possibly her medications .
 entamoeba histolytica antibody was also sent given her  and and  and was still pending at time . findings and was still pending at time of discharge .
 patient was in his usual state of health until 2193 - 12 - 27 when he developed rectal bleeding .
 known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive esophagectomy on 11 - 11 for high grade dysplasia of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed barrett ' s esophagus with no malignancy .
 his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by blood doctor , in which they diagnosed him with likely  type 2 .
  : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home .
 home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued .
 a d - dimer was positive , but given the kidney failure , he only underwent lenis that did not demonstrate evidence of  lung infection .
 he was seen by  body imaging and felt safe to go to rehab .
 the  right had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding .
 she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow - up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
 of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative ileus .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit ,  99 . 8 140 136 / 60 26 96 % ,  : 93 .
 in the  medical intensive care unit , he was  blood flow stable (  ) and  to 100 ' s .
 he has a history of mva / tbi / l craniotomy 18 years ago , with subsequent temproparietal  history of heart disease / history of right with right sided residual weakness & expressive aphasia .
 a cat scan done at another hospital showed hemo - peritoneum around the sigmoid colon .
 the patient was admitted to the  the for ongoing  for ongoing given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional  given your pressures were deemed for recurrent .
 the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of hypoparathyroidism secondary to a parathyroid adenoma and papillary thyroid cancer , status post total removal of the thyroid gland by surgery and right superior surgical removal of the parathyroid glands on 2160 - 9 - 30 , who recovered well but whose course was complicated by
 12 - 27 : increased pain regimen 12 - 29 : tolerated a regular diet 1 - 2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal , with no evidence of contrast extravasation .
 the patient ' s worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass .
 intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated atrial fibrillation , but these were controlled with medication alone .
 she had no return of  return of while on the general medical floors .
 she moved him to the floor and started  chest x - ray .
 his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6 - 7mg daily .
 and heel osteo on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204 - 12 - 2 .
 he was transferred back to  intensive care unit , was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to lung edema .
 the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170 - 9 - 19 .
  showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5 - 2 .
 no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493 .
 pertussis culture / serology , influenza a / b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge .
 vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated .
 on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke ,  blood clot , deep venous thrombosis , lung embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , hemoptysis .
 please follow up with a repeat  body imaging at the end of fluconazole course .
 in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by [MASK] lasix .
 she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain .
 was eventually converted to nasal cannula from  after better oxygen saturation .
 oropharynx clear , no bleed , uvula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction .
 a nonocclusive  right was found in the  was found in the popliteal vein - mid r sfv .
 she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the  and was no longer in tripod position but still with a  in the high 30s and using accessory muscles .
 she recently underwent angioplasty of the sma stent on 2118 - 1 - 19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating / drinking until about 3 days ago , when she developed vague abdominal discomfort , distension , and nausea with intake of solid foods .
 emergent treatment : do not resuscitate but okay to intubate confirmed with son .
 the initial streptococcus pneumonia bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , tetracycline , trimethoprim / sulfa , and vancomycin .
 - continue soft diet for 3 days - continue ciprofloxacin 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg  by vein .
 antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative .
 he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on  post - operation day two for further monitoring .
 42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate / valium overdose .
 the patient was discharged home with  visiting nursing association services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions .
 also had 3 - 25 episodes of coffee - ground vomiting and continues to feel nauseous .
 lung function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive ventilatory defect ( forced expiratory volume in 1 second . 86 , forced vital capacity in 1second . 78 ) .
 89 year old gentleman with history of afib on coumadin , presented with sdh status - post evacuation , complicated by hospital acquired pneumonia , chf exacerbation , new atrial thrombus / mass on cta and delirium .
 he was transferred to the trauma  intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with ffp .
 she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased  by mouth intake .
 the white blood cell rose today , however , and an abdominal  body imaging was planned , but the  patient became acutely low blood pressure ,  , and  this morning .
 he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain  systolic blood pressure ' s under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti - high blood pressure regimen .
 she has had 30 cc / 2hr of urinary output after arival on the floor .
 patient began to exfoliative , from the face downward .
 he had a waxing and waining level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain .
 source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve .
 chest tubes and wires were dc ' d without incident .
 the patient states that when the  patient fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine .
 ceftriaxone was changed to ciprofloxacin for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that .
 the evening prior ( 2 - 18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened .
 she was weaned off of any pressors by  post - operation day three and started on beta blockers .
 his initial  echocardiogram revealed  depression in  , avl , and v2 - v5 with afib ,  was . 33 ; afib has since resolved , st changes now read as non - specific .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , he was hemodynamically unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth .
 known firstname known lastname 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of mvr on coumadin , heart failure ( ef 55 % ) , and copd on 3l nc who presents to the ed from pulmonology clinic with significant hypoxia with exertion ( 73 % on 3l nc ) .
 patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound leucoytosis and transient alopecia and asked to follow up with  .
 also with frequent urinary tract infections , completing a dose of bactrim today .
 anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin .
 in the name ,  patient was reportedly comfortable .
 she was discharged to rehab in 2135 - 4 - 5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of vulvar pain and worsening  shortness of breath .
 he also had n / v , chills but no diaphoresis .
 on discharge the patient was  , non - neutropenic , without signs of infection other than a mild cough .
 blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer .
 while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was low blood pressure to 90s / 60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible  .
 pain : from left flank lesion / fall and superficial wounds .
 2171 - 4 - 12 : temperature spike 103 , vanco / zosyn started , aline  , , ngt changed to ogt .
 overnight into 2 - 12 she was  fever to to 102 . 1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice .
 anti - inflammatory  , and for mortality benefits ) ,  325 mg was restarted in hospital on admission .
 known lastname 72441 was initially kept strictly  nothing due to his suspected aspiration  due to your .
 she also received doxycycline while tick - borne serologies were pending .
 per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication .
 she was continued on antibiotics ( amp - sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances .
 his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day .
 has had several sets of cardiac enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , v1 - v4 which were new from prior [MASK] done in 2103 - 5 - 29 .
 he was worked - up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and lung function testing .
 she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by  physical therapy who recommended rehab .
 he had low suspicion for  heart attack ( negative  ( ) , and had an echo that showed relatively well preserved cardiac function .
 marked clinical deterioration - clinically today had  right sided dense  , mild neglect and visual field cut on l . during  received fentanyl and versed , per nurses verbal report .
 her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her  blood pressure .
 on 7 - 25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7 - 26 .
 the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to sinus .
 * cough :  patient had a dry cough on admission , which ecame more severe during hospital stay .
 respiratory failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , partial pressure of oxygen was 66 with  of 21 .
 the  body imaging showed a focus of hyperintensity in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left centrum semiovale consistent with either subacute infarct vs metastatic lesion .
 hep c viral load 55 , 000 , 000 . per osh records , his haart was held upon admission to osh 2 - 17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that haart regimen could be causing liver failure ( pt was briefly treated with solumedrol for reconstitution at osh , but this was discontinued
 appointment scheduled with dr . last name 1940 . .
 electrolyte labs revealed some hypophosphatemia which was felt to be secondary to breathing alkalosis in the setting of  low blood pressure .
 female in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover motor vehicle accident , questionable  motor ,  injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , tourniquet placed on scene ;  reports placing r hand against window as rollover occurred
 in the  medical intensive care unit , he was given 6 . 5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin .
 the patient ' s plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient ' s last percutaneous intervention .
 89 year - old male with a past medical history of bioprosthetic avr , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim , whose airway was never compromised , was observed in the icu overnight and then called out for further management of last name .
 71 years old male with history of mm ( iiia kappa ) s / p barium meal test with relapse ,  by vein , subdural hematoma who presents with  with and altered mental status .
 he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility .
 he was admitted to the medical icu npo , on  fluid fluid rescusitation , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and  blood fentanyl for pain .
 she was transferred to hospital1 18  emergency department where creatine kinase ( formerly cpk ) > 200 , 000 and creatinine 3 . 0 with  + blood , no red blood cells , + muddy brown casts .
 per his parents , his voice is more nasal , as well as slurred and much softer .
 he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions .
 continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with  on  4 .
 initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157 .
 he denies abdominal pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning .
  chronic obstructive disease : patient was transferred on prednisone for a possible exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed  exacerbation .
 in addition he will  with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus anginosus ( milleri ) bacteremia .
 his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % .
 known lastname is a 79 - year - old man with a history of type 2 diabetes , formerly known as non - insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ( niddm ) . , esrd on hd , htn , hyperlipidemia who presented with aphasia and right face / arm / leg weakness , found to have a l mca stroke from
 the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2 - 10 a mile .
 he underwent continuous video  montioring throughout most of his hospital course .
 an  guided  tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient ' s unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past .
 respiratory distress - on 10 - 29  patient was noted to be tachypneic at 36 / m w / o2 sat 90 % 4l / m  which prompted a trigger .
 he did not mount a reflex tachycardia from this probably because he was beta - blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home .
 on the morning of 7 - 12 she experinced repeat  body imaging followed by  .
  showed t - wave inversion - - - and and and , , st st , , , , , , , , , , show t - wave inversion v3 - v6 and inferior leads , st depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of st depression in  leads .
  as as well as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as as . was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her  tract as much as possible .
 patient was triggered for  shortness of breath on arrival to [MASK] 70 ( baseline in 90s ) .
 transient ischemic attacks , prostate  cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital  emergency department earlier today when he had acute onset of chest ,  and back pain occurring simultaneously .
 the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her  and tumor doctor .
 acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from uri secondary to hemophilus influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination .
 however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator .
 a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family ,  , neurology and palliative care .
 the patient was found in the bed by his wife , choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission .
 infant emerged blue , and limp with little breathing effort .
 patient states that his  catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysate and only getting 1l fluid out .
 diarrhea - likely from all of his lactulose , but given recent low grade fever and multiple abx , a calorie ( small calorie ) differential was negative .
 at hospital6 33 , he received 13 . 5 units of packed red blood cells .
 assessment / plan - 19 years old female with history of depression ,  drug overdose as suicide attempt ,  intubation for airway protection .
 transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of  packed red blood cells during admission
 additionally , she received chest  chest x - ray and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of emphysema and persistent cough with sputum production .
  was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked .
 he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his  by vein was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl  and versed for sedation .
 septic shock : source is e . coli urinary tract infection 1 - 29 prostatomegaly .
 this was thought likely to be due to delirium given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep - wake cycle , infection , and concern for possible seizures given quick , involuntary muscle movements .
 several conversations were held with mrs . known lastname 96174 husband and son , both physicians .
 her hospital course was significant for peri - operative cardiac arrest and  and later a  bleeding episode requiring icu stay .
 known lastname 72376 was emergently taken to the  operating room scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team .
 she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 work supply , bottle date 4 / 5 / 5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg hs ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) multiple samples of
 the following day his  dropped to 19 . 6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his  increased to 26 .
 per  medical intensive care unit will plan to treat will plan to treat  bacteremia / abscesses with [MASK] daptomycin to total of 6 - 8wk course .
 post operatively he went to the  operating room where he was monitored closely and blood pressure was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord .
 he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal  .
 the patient was neurologically intact and hemodynamically stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support .
 nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood .
  done at the nursing home revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim .
 the location 109 was estimated at 0 . 7cm2 .
 white count coming down to 13 and  stable at 29 . 6 .
  patient - - it was felt that the patient ' s  patient could have been caused by his  that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting .
 he was also diuresed given his congestive liver and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure .
 on arrival to the  medical intensive care unit , she perceverates on the subject of sodium .
 her coumadin ( on for afib ) was withheld until 10 / 11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9 - 12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday ' s when she receives 3 mg .
 she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels .
 initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer .
 a bowel prep was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge .
 patient then had left main stem stent placed via  blood filtering and discharged on 2180 - 12 - 2 . .
 [MASK] is a 85 years old male with severe cad s / p cabgx2 , bioprosthetic mvr , ischemic chirurgiae magister , master of surgery ( british and commonwealth countries medical degree ) caucasian malecardiomyopathy with ef 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath
 on 9 - 28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9 - 8 .
 she was noted to have abnormal thickening and edema of the aryepiglottic folds , right greater than left , as well as nonspecific circumferential edema at the pharyngeoesophageal junction on a ct scan of her neck at the osh .
 the pain itself is not associated with  , vomiting or  .
 he beleves that he had a ' cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough ,  shortness of breath and subjective fevers .
 the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin .
 patient should have a repeat head  body imaging in a few months after discharge .
 upon further investigation , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left .
 the patient was monitored on telemetry with no irregular heart rhythm noted .
 he was transferred to  medical intensive care unit for further observation on aggrenox  and nitro  and to prevent narrowing of the arteries .
 per  patient , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen .
 initial labs were notable for a normal white blood cell ( 7 . 0 ) ,  ( 40 . 9 ) , and  of 1180 .
 chest x - ray ' s post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical collapsed lung .
 on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots .
 at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 .
 fluconazole  patient was started on 12 - 4 with plan to treat until 12 - 29 .
 cardiac catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending  left anterior descending , 95 % left circumflex  % and 80 % right coronary artery  .
 the  patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in  emergency department on 12 - 29 .
 he states that the abdominal pain is located predominantly in the left lower quadrant , was mostly crampy and  right sharp in character , non - radiating .
 subsequent  patient found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline .
 another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right cyanotic abdomen and legs .
 blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small much fluid and atelectasis .
 she was noted to have  electrocardiogram changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes .
 she was initially placed in the  intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture .
  performed endoscopy at the time of patient ' s arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non - bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum .
 arrived to the  emergency department minimally responsive  no evidence of trauma .
 likely aspiration pneumonia vs pneumonitis : patient had a history of  lung infection : patient had a history of and aspiration  presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and hypoxia .
 on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with  chest x - ray demonstrating mild  .
 she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( lf ) 96555 who takes care of her at home .
 the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of dysphagia and difficulty breathing .
 otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well .
 on  post - operation day 2 , the patient had another episode of breathing distress and was transferred to the  medical intensive care unit for further management .
 history of ventric tachycardia : episodes of  abnormal heart rate occurred in setting of decompensated  , likely secondary to some demand ischemia , but ruled out for  in setting of with .
 she underwent  chest x - ray with 3 bands placed to esophageal varices .
 50 years old woman with new onset of  shortness of breath on exertion and had positive exercise stress test .
 he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of  and bloating with small volume vomiting .
 also rec ' d baracath to prepare for  body imaging scan but then had a large episode of  shortness of breath .
 she will complete a 4 week course of ctx and  by vein with  .
 exam remarkable for 3 / 6 systolic ejection murmur , loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck .
  with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with fio2 less than 99 % 4 / 6pt with cardiac arrest and death pronounced .
 progression of lung fibrosis , right greater than left , likely  or fibrotic subtype of non - specific interstitial pneumonia .
  cardiac care unit was transferred to  propofol in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for blood pressure support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol .
 respiratory failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation .
 also found to be in breathing alkalosis ( initially on  blood filtering prior to transfer from  outside hospital ) , which was thought likely secondary to central hyperventilation and was treated with acetazolamide until improved .
 she denies any recent illnesses , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , nausea , vomiting , constipation , [MASK] , bleeding , myalgias , or rashes .
 colitis ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) .
 she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure .
 likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long - term antibiotics .
 at this time , the patient was evaluated by cardiothoracic surgery service for a coronary artery bypass graft .
  upper endoscopy course also notable for  of the belly which showed demonstrated a possible small  kidney stone ( workup for  ) .
 melanotic material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon .
 the patient is a 72 - year - old gentleman who was at the university / college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20 - foot fall .
 unclear baseline mental status , per emergency medical service ( s ) patient visiting from state 108 .
 head  body imaging showed a small contusion with a small subarachnoid  in the left frontal lobe .
 of note , patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following cat scratch and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) .
  lung infection : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for clostridioides difficile x3 and no other pathogen could be identified .
 neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery .
 blood urea nitrogen / creatinine increased to 140 / 3 . 7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed .
 patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic .
 he received 600mg  by vein clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management .
 international normalized ratio at baseline , bilirubin test and  were at baseline or below .
 she also underwent cardiac catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries .
