weaned off vent to cpap and was extubated in the afternoon on 9-2 by the pulmonary team .
she was intubated and was resuscitated after 10-22 minutes of heart rate arrest .
he was given succinyl choline and etomidate for intubation .
had anemia packed red blood cells and was transfused with appropriate effect .
the patient was maintained on logroll precautions until body spine films were obtained and read as negative .
a line placed & sent to medical care unit per neurosurgical recommendations .
this gradually cleared when the patient was extubated and by the last few days of admission her mental status was at baseline .
per patient , he took pepto-bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days .
patient is a 89 yo male with heart heart disease heart pacer , admitted to neurosurgery with with with acute breathing distress/ wheezing on the floor .
mild right ventricular cavity enlargement with normal free wall motion .
on postoperative days six , his blood pressure continued to be low at 1.3 but it was decided that his heparin could be discontinued and he would be discharged home with po coumadin only .
possibly secondary to worsening kidney function , but more likely due to acute illness .
she progressed with physical therapy to improve her strength and mobility .
known lastname 28272 is a 63 year-old man with high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure and high blood pressure with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and shortness of breath .
patient sent him for contrast mri , which revealed 15-20 ring-enhancing lesions in cerebrum , cerebellum , brainstem .
the patient was aggresively diuresis 4.5 litter over the next 36 hours until his creatinine bumped and he was at his dry weight .
blood clot was discontinued due to the possibility that this may contribute to the formation of a clot .
his wound continued to improve and his intravenous antibiotics were stopped .
in the emergency department , the patient was resting comfortably in emergency department .
he was restarted on coumadin , and his international normalized ratio was therapeutic for a few days before admission .
she also had subjective shortness of breath with lung blood clot suggesting fluid overload .
later , it was thought that his international normalized was appropriate for his nutritional status .
patient started to complain about right lower quandrant belly pain , radiating to right flank .
also developed blood pressure which she states persisted until she reached the ed , when she was given some medication that helped ( unsure which one ) .
the mother was treated with ampicillin and received betamethasone .
there was no change noted in his motor sensory function .
a bedside echo revealed an fraction of of 20 % .
- most likely source with with subsequent lung infection although aspiration lung infection and infection from chronic right foot ulcer were also considered .
body ultrasound exam performed by emergency department staff was thought by emergency department staff to be positive for hemoperitoneum .
given the extremely poor prognosis based on his initial status status status status status on admission , eeg pattern and clinical exam , the patient 's family decided to make the patient patient .
# chronic pain : patient is prescribed methadone by her pcp for chronic neck and back pain .
she was initially covered with braod spectrum antibiotics with vanc , cefepime and flagyl .
emergency department brought immediately to operating room care unit for exploratory laparotomy , bolt , and trach .
he was given a tracheostomy and peg tube after failed extubation and reintubation .
she once once again transferred to the intensive care unit unit in stable condition after evacuation .
he received one dose of stress dose steroids in the emergency department .
most likely lung , as blood negative prior to discharge .
it was felt likely due to lung so midodrine 7.5mg tid was started as well as a bicarb gtt for the hyperkalemia .
he was admitted to the trauma service and monitored in the trauma icu closely .
he does report some cough productive of yellow sputum .
body scan also revealed left common femoral vein dvt and left gonadal vein thrombus .
the next day he received 2 units of packed red blood cells for proportion of red blood cells of proportion of red blood cells .
was some concern for low blood pressure , given low urine low blood cells , though patient was responsive to albumin challenge and maintained good urine output initially .
other studies including a head body , neck body , tls films , and l arm film were negative for injury .
she was given by mouth with subsequent improvement of her blood sugars .
neurosurgery consulted on the patient and did not intervene surgically as there was no evidence of abnormal present .
chest chest chest chest chest showed likely consistent pneumonia which was possible due to aspiration . aspiration chest to aspiration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . chest showed likely multifocal lung which was possible due to aspiration .
the patient has switched physicians several times in the past several months and in the interim , has had increasing abdominal distention , diffuse , discomfort/pain .
the patient had complained to his shortness of breathal of exertional substernal chest pain for the past two weeks .
he was initially stabilized after transfer to the intensive care unit but had a similar arrest twice the next morning each following repositioning .
her symptoms last for several days and then resolve , but tonight felt particularly weak , which prompted her visit to the emergency department .
patient taken to the operating room ( ak operating the operating the operating the for exploratory laparotomy , lysis of adhesions and stricturoplasty .
he ruled out for a myocardial infarction by flat heart electrical activity detection enzymes and his body angiogram was negative for a heart attack .
ab body with po contrast was obtained prior to transfer .
in emergency department , found to be in 1st degree heart block with heart rate .
however , labs labs were negative and no schistocytes were seen on peripheral smear .
her body c-spine confirmed the type 2 odontoid fracture .
fentanyl and lorazepam were administered for breakthrough agitation , with good response .
post procedure heart electrical activity detection showing resolution of heart electrical activity detection elevations , no indication of stent artery or recurrent heart .
there was some concern for a l-sided loculated effusion on body body scan , but on review of these scans ( compared to prior ) these changes appear to be chronic .
a chest - ray ( chest radiograph ) on day of admission to the intensive care unit , , showed a unilateral opacification of unclear significance -possibly artifact- and the radiology read noted only bilateral interstitial opacities but no focal lung .
the patient 's mildly elevated lactate on initial presentation which down-trended with low blood pressure , as well as low blood pressure responsive to small fluid boluses are consistent with hypovolemic low blood pressure .
due to her poor immune status from intensive care unit , she received a dose of ceftriaxone in the emergency department .
evaluated by vascular surgery in emergency department , who felt that his heart artery was non-threatened and no surgical intervention was required .
the patient was bolused one liter of normal saline and systolic blood pressure increased appropriately to 107 .
she was given intravenous for diuresis with substantial improvement in respiratory function and decreased oxygen requirement .
post-operatively , he was extubated and transferred to the intensive care unit for further stabilization and monitoring .
patietn was transferred and upon receiveing patient , it was decided that she would need an operation to relive the obstruction , and was therefore booked for urgent laparotomy .
also found to have low blood pressure , lung infection , and low blood pressure with a sodium to 152 .
patient was apparently not injured but this morning he was unresponsive and would n't follow commands .
the procedure was complicated by low blood pressure while intubated , for which he was on neosynephrine transiently .
beta blockers were titrated to maximum low blood pressure as well as a diltiazem drip and he was started on coumadin on day day four for his bouts of atrial fibrillation .
no complaints of shortness of breath , recent shortness of breath on exertion , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or previous chest pain .
chest pain in the emergency department , she had episodes of chest pain often precipitated by food intake .
she was home home with heart and planned outpt follow-up with lung and pulm .
staff obtained a catheter protocol chest body which revealed a small in blood clot in one of the left upper lobe segmental branches of the heart artery artery artery as well as a svc clot .
he denies recent dietary indiscretions and has been taking his insulin regularly in recent days .
he is scheduled for close follow-up for lung disease for his recently diagnosed hcc .
heart electrical activity detection showed t wave inversions anterolaterally , new compared with an heart electrical activity detection from 2137 .
heart blood pressure stable , no further low blood pressure , enzymes stable .
right chest tube was placed by thoracic surgery on 12-17 after attempted cvl placement resulted in a lung .
in emergency department she was started on zosyn for pneumonia , was transferred to the floor on 1-1 after stabilization .
a bedside exam was suggestive of aspiration with this liquids thus a pureed diet with nectar thick liquids was started .
the patient was continued on a ciwa scale on the floor , and required minimal diazepam for symptoms .
only positive result was the vre screen in the intensive care unit for which he was put on precautions metabolic acidosis developed with ph compensated by respiratory alkalosis .
patient was in until until 1am on 9-13 when she felt mild belly discomfort and shortness of breath and dizziness w/o vomiting after dinner which resolved with maalox .
though his lactate trended down , his central venous oxygen sats were greater than 70 indicating persistent septic physiology despite appropriate antibiotic treatment .
it was decided that the patient 's left foot would not survive and that r bka was the best solution .
the patient was monitored on continous telemtry throughout his stay without any clearly contributable heart heart cardiac .
kidney failure - given persistent fever and low blood pressure , likely bacterial pneumonia with hemophilus influenza noted on sputum culture .
breathing patient patient was admitted and had copious thick secretions .
he was noted to have brbpr on rectal exam , but no active bleeding .
concentrated hydromorphone 20mg/ml was given and then she was transitioned from iv to by mouth ( ( ) .
she presented to hospital3 who r/o heart electrical activity detection by enzymes and and , blood vessel negative for heart artery , carotid artery .
upon arrival to the intensive care unit patient is totally cp free .
patient has no evidence of heart rate or t wave changes .
he was found to have approximately 75 % stenosis of his right carotid artery .
her heart electrical activity detection was significant for mild st elevations in the lateral leads and some st depression across the precordial leads which were new compared to her her heart electrical activity . .
to note , his ivc filter needs to be removed in the future .
an heart electrical activity detection was performed which revealed a right bundle branch block and there was concern for anterioseptal st-depression .
she was initially unresponsive and breathing and after being warmed she was conscious but incoherent .
patient admitted from outside hospital with type b aortic dissection , uncontrolled and pain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and pain .
she was admitted to the intensive care unit and transfused 4u packed red blood cells and 1 pack platelets , with a resolution in bleeding and stabilization of blood cells ( 16 - > 28 ) .
a portable cxr was done to confirm ett placement .
cancer : no treatment now , patient has declined treatment in the past .
he was covered prophylactically with sc heparin and a intravenous .
wound cultures show multidrug resistence , complicated by patients multiple abx allergies .
should he have any heart rate or by by by by holter , he should be referred for an heart heart rhythms .
a body was done which showed only a small hematoma and significantly dilated loops of bowel .
# code : patient was patient initially upon admission , however the order was suspended to allow the patient to go to the operating room .
over several days , he otherwise continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis .
there was no history of recent trauma or instrumentation .
patient was recently receiving chemotherapy whose treatment was halted due to progressive fatigue/weakness .
he has a history of high blood pressure and is on dabbigatran for his heart disease .
heart doctor fellow was called who said that no further imaging is needed urgently and that she will be seen tomorrow morning for probable whole brain radiation .
coronary disease was not amenable to pci and was transferred to hospital1 18 for surgical revascularization .
no weakness/numberness of lung of ; denied bladder retention or incontinence .
his right clavicle fracture is not displaced and non operative .
on review of systems , he has a history of stroke , heart , bleeding with surgery , deep venous thrombosis .
they suggested the use of by mouth ativan might help a patient with catatonic depression .
patient denies any hx of liver disease , blood transfusions , blood blood cells , or recent travel .
given her blood pressure , she was unable to get a blood filtering , but her body showed no signs of early stroke and no blood clot .
patient also found to have high grade blood vessel in right common femoral artery , highly calcified plaque with 100 % occlusion after blood vessel , and profunda femoris high grade disease .
upon arrival the patient a chest body was done which showed a marked distended gallbladder .
informed to contact primary care care care care to follow up up as outpatient as outpatient . outpatient as outpatient . outpatient as outpatient . outpatient as outpatient . outpatient as outpatient . outpatient . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . to follow up results as outpatient .
she has required hospitalization and steroids in the past , but no intubations .
her lasix dose was increased and on 8-13 , her showed showed a decreased l effuision .
over her course , she was treated with albuterol/atrovent mdi along with inhaled steroids to target to .
his inital u/a had > 50 rbcs in urine .
the patient states that he was feeling well prior to the heart cardioversion and that subsequently had shortness of breath on exertion as well as shortness of breath at rest .
seizures resolved with ativan drip and patient was then maintained on a ciwa scale without complication .
they were able to open her left and lung , though upon trying to open the the and while at 22 % oxygen concentration an airway fire occurred .
she continued to make steady progress and was discharged to location house on postoperative day 6 .
decadron was also thought to be compoundign his delerium and thus his decadron was tapered .
known lastname was admitted by her emergency department after she experienced 7 days of of blood and had a positive hemoccult test in office .
lung : : hematogenous source of recurrent blood clot not apparent as blood cultures were negative .
patient is a years old woman with h/o ms , seizures , and hypothyroidism who is transferred from hospital3 after a 10 day stay there .
patient and still on azithromycin presents after noting a blood sugar of 450 at home and developing pain under her right breast .
she was readmitted again several days later in month 958 w/ similar symptoms and again npo .
she does report some but but has had no emesis .
after he was stablized on oral oral , he was transfered to the floor .
known lastname 89932 is a 63 year-old woman with diabetes who presented with chest pain and heart electrical activity changes consistent with acs/nstemi .
one day prior to transfer to hospital1 18 , patient became tachypneic .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed low lung volumes , increased interstitial markings c/w chronic fibrotic changes , and interstitial lung lung infection ; an underlying atypical lung lung can not be ruled out .
once intubated his sedation was lightened so he could undergo a neurological examination .
her anticoagulation was held because of her concerning cerebellar hemorrhage .
patient recommended to get international and to consider lp .
transplant surgery consulted in emergency department , plan for intervention in heart .
however , low suspicion of sprue given high vitamin b12 and folate levels inconsistent with malabsorption .
on the evening of admission , she again experienced pain however 3 sl ntg did not improve her sxs .
patient 's in the 80 's came up to 90 's with gentle bolus .
patient was started on levofloxacin , vanc , flagyl .
due to the apical heart on his blood pressure he was started on anti-coagulation with warfarin .
here his initial lung - ray ( chest radiograph ) demonstrating by by by international normalized ratio ratio of 100 and lung with lower lower lower lower lobe infiltrates .
his patient resolved with treatment of uti and constipation .
in the emergency department , patient remained in 60s without further boluses .
initially started on vancomycin intravenous vanco emperically for possible lung infection as well as levofloxacin over concern for lung infection .
his heart electrical activity detection was unchanged , but a troponin leak was observed over baseline ( 0.35-0.55 ) with an elevated heart .
her nifedipine was increased to nifedipine heart rate 90 mg and she was watched on this dose for 24 hours .
the flow gradually improved with administration of adenosine , diltiazem and nicardipine .
he had a stress test which showed inferolateral heart electrical activity detection changes .
she was treated with a 7 day course of oral fluconazole .
azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1-28 and should be continued for 10 days .
breathing distress : patient was intubated and ventilated in intensive care unit .
58 yo male with pmhx significatn for high blood pressure , current tobacco use and high blood pressure who presents to outside hospital er on 10-3 with chest pain starting at 9 pm radiating to both arms associated with lower extremity .
paroxysmal high blood pressure while on telelmetry during this hospital stay .
family was concerned that she had become high blood pressure , being unusually slow to answer questions and staring off into space .
blood vessel was performed but not amenable to stent across obstruction .
his initial body during this admission revealed an lung empyema .
gave fluid bolluses to maintained blood pressure , but eventulally ussed pressors to continue to support blood pressure .
he did go into rapid atrial fibrillation on heart and was bolused with amiodarone and started on oral amiodarone , as well , with conversion to sinus rhythm .
at this time she was taken to the operating room for replacement of the left catheter catheter .
this was thought to be the cause of her syncope .
neurologic examination at that time revealed pupils were blown bilaterally .
patient was started on zydis for hallucinations before intubation .
88 yo female admitted to hospital1 with above sx .
she was not receiving medications medications so a catheter line was ordered for the morning for access .
he had a push enteroscopy to 140cm which was unrevealing , and no active bleeding or avms were noted .
she was continued on intravenous by mouth which will be continued as an outpatient .
despite broad antibiotic coverage the infection spread to the perianal area and more superiorly .
he was placed on a course of zosyn for thick , yellow bronchial secretions .
there is an area of t2 hypointensity in the right cerebellum consistent with lung of the , with a mild degree of mass effect exerted upon the fourth ventricle which remained midline in position .
ongoing work-up for possible related rheumatologic manifestations thus far negative .
all narcotics were discontinued due to sensitivity to narcotics and tylenol only was used for pain control .
the patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction and was given 40 mg of intravenous lasix for presumed congestive heart failure exacerbation .
she was given intravenous fluids , had a line placed and was started on intravenous with stabilization .
solumedrol was switched to prednisone on 3-29 ; patient should complete a 12 day taper .
the patient is alright with getting pressors and continuing antibiotics , but did not want an arterial line .
this afternoon , the patient reported sudden onset of lightheadedness followed by a fall , striking his head but without swelling .
switched to intravenous ciprofloxacin to complete a total 3 week course .
body was done noting concerns for heart artery artery artery blood clot .
acute pain service was also consulted given his history of chronic pain and now with his recent traumatic injury .
he was treated with intravenous , as well as 1 dose of gent .
# follow up : patient requires body abdomen for evaluation of abscesses 1-13 septic from from as as outpatient .
postoperative day of discharge pain was well controlled , incision was clean/dry/intact , blood pressure was stable at 33 , pain was well controlled .
in addition , she has two nonincarcerated incisional hernias .
she was given a dose of vancomycin and ceftriaxone in the emergency room for empirical coverage .
after the propofol was discontinued , the patient began having seizure-like jerking of his extremities .
she initially presented because she thought she was having dark stools and was concerned for a blood clot which she 's had in the past .
by the time emergency department arrived , she had become `` agitated `` and was noted to be vigorously moving all limbs with force .
patient evaluated the patient and felt that his symptoms were unlikley to be due to lung infection or biliary obstruction and felt that an an was unnecessary .
operative course was notable for cardiogenic shock which required placement of an heart artery .
right hip fracture : patient was admitted to intensive care unit after intubation in the intensive care unit awaiting repair for right hip fracture .
she was advanced to sips and her blood pressure was continued .
she was noted to have pauses with heart rate when she converted from afib to sr . she was started on amlodipine 100 mg qd and taken off all nodal agents , including metoprolol .
patient was offered by mouth at night for significant desaturations that occured when she was sleeping but was non-compliant .
proportion of red blood cells stable with minimal bloody bowel movements since second day of admission .
today , she visited her emergency department and could barely walk into the office .
heart disease : patient has not had heart disease since 11-13 , may have had significant decline in low blood pressure given her extended hospitalization and kidney failure .
his creatinine continued to rise and he developed anuric failure failure over the last day of his intensive care unit stay .
per report , the patient was driving erratically to dinner and once tripped .
he should discuss with his oncologist/pcp if he should remain on fluconazole on discharge .
a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) did not show a body and he was transfered here for further evaluation .
in the past year she has had multiple recorded systolic systolic blood pressure in the 160-180s at various outpatient appointments .
she had a head body at the outside hospital which revealved bilateral sah .
his asthma developed at age 20 and is associated with nasal polyposis and asa sensitivity .
intravenous was initiated in the intensive care unit but stopped given very low concern for lung infection .
he was also started on daily as as well as calcium/vit d supplementation .
emergency department attending did felt felt it was not traumatic .
doctor was consulted as well , and stated he is not candidate for lung disease ( anatomy not amenable ) ; would need ir-guided drainage of biliary fluid .
the left collapse was thought to be the most likely cause of her new oxygen requirement .
the patient was referred to the heart surgery service on 2195-4-21 , for an emergency coronary artery bypass graft .
patient was continued on lasix 80mg once daily and amiloride .
her c-collar was cleared by the trauma services and she was then transferred to orthopedics .
she received blood transfusion at the time and had no reoccurrance of bleeding , with a stable body .
upon their recommendations , the patient was bolused two liters of normal saline and orthostatics were checked .
there were no brainstem reflexes and patient de-satted during apnea test ( see below ) .
this was complicated by r mainstem intubation revealed on body which was then pulled back intro trachea .
she had belly pain with no fevers or chills and had a regular bowel movement with no blood and no diarrhea .
in past several years , per cardiologist patent artery , with thrombosed svg-om graft .
according to her husband she has been under a lot of stress with her 15 month old baby and resuming her job .
her heart electrical activity detection showed blood pressure pressures of 56/35 , wedge of 31 , cardiac output of 3.88 and index of 1.86 .
the patient also had blood seeping down trachea from above and moderate tracheobronchiomalacia .
on the day of admission he had transient chest tightness that responded to nitroglycerin with no change on his heart electrical activity .
after discharge , it was noted on her microbiology results that she had 10,000 gpc in her urine culture .
he was also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg by mouth .
patient will have low blood pressure and heart followed in the inpatient psychiatric unit after discharge .
she was briefly admitted to the intensive care unit on a bipap then nrb .
following surgery he was transferred to the intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
he was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy .
on arrival into our intensive care unit the patient was found to be profoundly low blood pressure with a core body temperature of 88 degree fahrenheit .
went to her outside hospital where she was noted to have systolic blood pressure in the 80s , chills , clammy skin .
the body incision staples clean , dry intact with no edema of breath or edema .
after the ceftriaxone is discontinued , the patient should be restarted on her amoxicillin prophylaxis .
she also has extensive bone disease for which she has been on zometa , as well as medical therapy .
he also developed a allergic reaction on his back , which appeared as low blood pressure , non-raised target lesions .
he received several intravenous boluses while in the intensive care unit and had a dilaudid by mouth for pain control .
she was changed to belly pain meds and her calcium values were borderline low so she was started on ca and vit d. she was able to ambulate and her foley was d/c 'd after which she had not trouble voiding .
patient was consulted who recommended a barium swallow study which showed distal obstruction at the ge junction .
patient was 92 % on shortness of breath when seen by emergency department and started on 2l nc .
also there was a failed attempt to pass the ng tube past her stomach , and it remained in her stomach during the admission .
she also had 1 day of diarrhea , which resolved early last week .
her coumadin was held in the emergency department given the guiac positive stools and decreased blood cells red blood cells .
overall , the of of of his low blood pressure and low blood pressure was unknown .
she was seen by by once tlso brace arrived and rehab was recommended .
the large lower pole of the om1 was totally occluded by blood vessel .
her is is likely secondayr to lung affecting cn iii as it follows cn ii .
heart electrical activity detection demonstrated ejection % with rv dilation and dysfunction consistent with rv strain secondary to acute lung embolism .
cultures were drawn and patient was found to have several bottles growing mrsa .
patient was initiated and patient 's mental status had mild improvement in alertness .
a third echo was obtained , to specifically look for a shunt ; a ventricular septal perforation was noted on this echocardiogram .
she tolerated the procedure well , and was extubated , and brought to the recovery room in stable condition .
he subsequently underwent a colonoscopy which also showed no source of active bleeding .
was on single-medication , zestril , as outpatient , though blood pressure control is unknown .
of note , she was admitted with status status status status status which was reversed for her surgery .
his high blood pressure was managed with close fluid status monitoring , cardiology consultation , and beta blockers .
he is now prior prior resection , radiation and undergoing trial with chemotherpay started back in 2201-3-26 .
was then transferred to the intensive care unit for further recovery .
she awoke neurologically intact and was extubated without difficulty .
known lastname had a high-grade mrsa bacteremia from sepsis sepsis , with last positive blood cultures on 9-23 .
proportion of red blood cells was thought to be due to platelet clumping seen on smear , although cdiff infection and amiadarone therapy could not be ruled out .
she had two icu transfers while here given her tendancy to drop her oxygen saturation to the 70s on a oxygen mask with stable blood pressure .
patient recommended body abdomen which showed colonic diverticula but no active bleeding .
suspected due to high - - use , but its endoscopic appearance on body on was also worrisome for malignancy so pt will need close after after acute therapy to to him .
no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient 's anticoagulation needs .
however , she was restarted sequentially on her home amlodipine , metoprolol , high blood pressure , and lisinopril .
official cath report from hospital1 18 pending at the time of this note , but patient had successful stenting of her vein graft with left x3 .
initally , high blood pressure and synthetic function peaked and nac was temporarily discontinued but restarted when patient continued to peak .
the patient was thought to be triggered by heart not following instruction after lp , such as bed-rest and high pressure overnight ( up to 220s blood pressure .
his foley was d/c 'd on 11-18 and he was without blood blood pressure .
post post - , the patient was maintained on intravenous , plavix , lipitor , high blood pressure and metoprolol .
he recievbed 2 doses of pip/tazo and 1 dose of intravenous .
two drain drains were placed , one at the hilum and one posterior to the liver .
patient was transferred from outside floor to outside hospital after developed hypoxemia w/ worsening lung infiltrates on chest chest radiograph ) .
he noticed that his abdomen has become increasingly distended , and his family noticed that his eyes were becoming increasingly yellow .
postoperative day number one , the patient was weaned off of his dobutamine completely .
this was attributed to effect of medication , and specifically his benzodiazepenes , codeine , and guiafenisen along with scolpamine patch were stopped .
the patient remained stable stable throughout hospital course and was mentating well .
patient should be closely monitored and coumadin adjusted to the target range , and international normalized ratio should be continued at the facility .
yesterday the patient 's daughter thought he was febrile and urged him to go to the the , but he again refused .
in the emergency department a noncontrast body spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation .
anesthesia was called for elective intubation , however patient quickly became proportion of blood pressure stable .
the patient was admitted to the transplant surgery service .
heart disease and cardiology were consulted who both felt that her continued increase in creatinine was likely secondary to over diuresis .
low blood pressure thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non-compliance .
her diminished mental status was felt likely related to intracerebral hemorrhages ( body and a small intracranial hemorrhage ) .
patient then noted after administration of nitro to become unresponsive for 30 seconds .
heparin was started for anticoagulation and coumadin was titrated as inr was slow to increase to goal international for mechanical mitral valve .
he received vanc and zosyn empirically and was transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
he was proportion of red blood cells stable and his low blood cells was thought to be secondary to 5-fu .
his proportion of red blood cells increased to 21 , with a glucose of 300 , and he was transferred to the hospital unit name 153 .
the patient was transfused 2 units of blood in the emergency department and hct increased appropriately .
a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention .
she will need followup of kidney with cessation of lovenox once her international normalized ratio is therapeutic .
given his severe heart disease , vascular insufficiency was also a potential cause of the pain , erythema , and ulcer formation .
she underwent heart catheterization and a angioplasty with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168-12-30 .
he was continued on ancef and levo , which was started in the emergency room .
he was placed on a insulin drip for managment of his diabetes as he was npo .
the urine urine output was also decreased during this time for which he was bolused with crystalloid and transfused with hespan .
plan for blood clot without contrast given kidney failure , which was initiated but patient unable to tolerate due to agitation .
this suggested possible blood clot source either from heart or from the veins in legs travelling as paradoxical emboli through a pfo or blood clot from large vessels .
however , it was likely worsened by insulin non-adherence as patient became more lethargic over the course of the week prior to admission .
positive for amphetamines , etoh and cannibus ; patient was also with in car with his brother-in-law ( also transferred in ) likewise impaired .
he weaned from bypass in stable condition with the balloon pump in place .
came to outside hospital today because granddaughter called his cardiologist who recommended evaluation .
patient did well s/p trach and was able to tolerate blood pressure without ventilator support .
it was felt that she was probably experiencing an acute reaction to stress which should improve with time .
overnight , he had no issues with the exception of difficult pain control despite being on a dilaudid by mouth .
he was given a ppi for gi prophylaxis and a bowel regimen for prevention of constipation .
no need for heart or or intervention at this time .
the patient reports an ongoing cough productive of yellow phlegm for the past two months , but denies any shortness of breath or recent worsening of this cough .
during the admission , she was clinically thought to have a vaginal/sigmoid fistula , although this was not demonstrated on body scan .
he had elevated troponin without elevated which which was felt to be due to demand vs. prior event .
he was instructed how to care for his drain and will have at at home for further teaching .
had one drink plus one shot of alcohol , afterwards developed shortness of breath and left arm numbness .
body ultrasound showed gallbladder wall thickening but no stones in gb or bile ducts , no cbd dilation , and question of intrahepatic bile duct dilation .
some erythema was noticed on the lower portion of his midline incision and ancef was continued .
of note , last month he had b/l inguinal repair which was uncomplicated .
he was given 6 liters of intravenous fluids and transiently started on dopamine for a systolic blood pressure in the 80.s
chest - ray was clear , ct body showed no acute lung infection process ( wet read ) , but ground-glass opacities at the lung bases .
on final read of initial chest radiograph and chest review infection infection was felt less likely .
she was on vancomycin at that time but sister did not think patient was administering it appropriately .
the patient also has a graft in the left upper which which which which which which which multiple multiple . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . which has clotted multiple times .
68 year-old male with recently diagnosed lung disease and liver mass admitted for heart blood pressure monitoring from intraperitoneal bleed after liver biopsy .
her proportion of red blood cells was improving without additional transfusions by the time of discharge .
# lung - - ray - ray ( cxr be obtained - cx 6 weeks after discharge regarding discharge after discharge regardingxxxxxx . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - body should be obtained 6 weeks after discharge regarding resolving swelling .
body was obtained revealing a contrast enhancing mass in the corpus callosum .
he received insulin training prior to discharge and will have at at home for furhter training .
the abdominal chest was normal , chest chest x - ray ( chest chest x - ray chest pain , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . showed bilateral fluffy infiltrates , mediastinal nodes , rt .
he did experience chest discomfort during admission that reponded to nitroglycerin , and repeat heart electrical activity detection enzymes were again negative .
he was then referred to radiology for placement of percutaneous gallbladder drainage .
she was given an extra dose of depakote during the hospital and the level at discharge was therapeutic at 57 .
she was volume resusciated with normal saline and electrolytes were repleted as necessary .
will have patient obtain a repeat heart electrical activity detection in 2 weeks with his outpatient heart to assess for improvement in heart heart .
the patient was additionally found during his stay to have frequent contamination of his sacral decubitus ulcer with feces .
as heart disease and heart were ruled out , high blood pressure , statin , heparin were discontinued .
post nutrition he was closely monitered and underwent swallow test .. rehab he was seen by by doctor who felt that the patient needed rehab .
patient was in heart arrest and was coded , shocked 7 times , intubated and transferred here for urgent catheterization catheterization .
remained with flaccid paralysis at lower lower extremities throughout hospitalization .
body u/s showed a liver liver and ascities , but without evidence of or or or pvt .
most of his staples were removed at the time of discharge but a few were left in .
his evaluation revealed a large frontal scalp laceration with multiple facial fractures , a left left with rib fractures , and a c7 fracture .
he complains of generalized weakness and some fatigue with only minimal swelling .
he received 10 mg vitamin k and protonix in the emergency department .
in the emergency department catheter was placed which initially had bright red blood bu then lavaged clear , however patient continued to have bright red blood from . .
due to blood blood cells on cbc diff a bone marrow biopsy was obtained to rule out malignancy .
patient was proportion of red blood pressure stabilized and stated on octretide ad midodrine for lung disease syndrome .
emergency department found her unresponsive and brought her to the emergency department .
body - ray - ray - ray ( s negative ) u/s negative , chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) revealed right r pleural effusion .
the patient was restarted on coumadin , however , given his past medical history , he may not be a candidate for coumadin therapy .
underwent urgent surgery.iv heparization began in the emergency emergency department .
he failed and actually had a paradoxical reaction to inhaled steroids and has been prednisone dependent for 10 years .
she had an catheter line placed and code sepsis intitiated .
known lastname was taken to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to three vessels .
despite bag ventilation , oxygen saturation drops and intubation is attempted .
he returned to the floor , and had two additional episodes of vt the following day .
later in the morning was more oriented , and noted to be primarily angry and doubtful of his diagnosis .
after a one day stay in the intensive care unit where she was diuresed and weaned of oxygen to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10-30 .
the patient received a stent to the the and the patient was transferred to the intensive care unit for further observation .
urinary - in urine on recent admission , found to be pansensitive ( except to ) ) k. pneumoniae .
all these lab abnormalities downtrended by discharge , at which point he felt totally well .
81 m with high blood pressure , high blood pressure and dementia presents with hypotension and high blood pressure .
blood screen was also positive for cocaine , tcas and acetaminophen .
blood cultures grew both klebsiella and enterococcus ( two species including vre ) .
she began ambulating with physical therapy and by postoperative days # 5 she was able to climb a flight of stairs without difficulty and was cleared for discharge to home .
patient case was complicated by high blood pressure and bradycardia severe enought to require dopamine infusion .
with aggressive to toilet , blood pressure , chest his his oxygen requirements improved on 3l nasal cannula with oxygen saturations of 96-98 % .
however , it was restarted after his creatinine had trended down with no rebound elevation of the creatinine .
slight concern for adrenal insufficiency in setting of high doses of iv steroids .
his blood pressure was slighlty elevated but there was concern over med complicane so his prior dose was resumed .
68-year-old male with history of high blood pressure who presented to hospital3 hospital on 6-3 with substernal chest pain and shortness of breath .
however , once his digestive tract bleed continued and he was still in kidney failure , his mother made the decision to make him comfort care .
persistant mild to moderate intra and extra hepatic biliary duct dilation was also seen .
she received three days of antibiotic prophylaxis ( one of vancomycin , two of levofloxacin ) for this procedure .
she was initially evaluated in an outside hospital where she was found to have diaphragm injury and was transferred to hospital1 69 for further work-up .
patient will have blood filtering to follow and do wound dressing changes daily .
the patient was started on metoptolol and lisinopril prior to discharge .
he was kept npo , given intravenous fluids ; serial and and abdominal exams were followed closely .
an level level returned elevated at 110 , for which she was initiated on simvastatin at a low dose .
patient did not have significant elevation of liver enzymes , but continued to have kidney .
59 yof pmh htn , high blood pressure and left subclavian artery lung ?
the patient was extubated to post - operative care unit following her bronchoscopy .
his rate was eventually controlled and the diltiazem drip was stopped .
the patient was maintained on the ventilator and was given diuresis as well as antibiotics with limited clinical improvement .
his coronary angiogram showed no significant coronary artery disease and he was electively admitted for mitral valve repair or replacement .
in emergency department , had a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) read as pulonary edema lung infiltrate .
neurology was again re-consulted due to the left upper extremity weakness and the patient not waking up after being off sedation .
911 was activated and patient returned to the house .
she underwent ventricular drain placement to decrease low blood pressure , but continued to have limited brainstem reflexes .
no blood pressure , single episode bloody emesis en route to hospital1 18 .
he was transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 2 and his epicardial pacing wires were discontinued on postoperative days # 3 .
patient recommended he have acute blood pressure as an outpatient .
he then had mild guiac negative stool and oozing from arterial line site .
the right sided evd was removed after placment of a left frontal evd .
on postoperative day one , aspirin , beta blockade and a statin were resumed .
she was started on mass transfusion protocol as well as levophed improving her blood pressure to 120s .
doctor was consulted and recommended heart as as outpt once acute issues resolved .
after evaluation in the emergency department , mr known lastname 25704 was taken urgently to the operating room for debridement , foreign body removal and packing of the open wound .
head body was negative in setting of trauma and supratherapeutic intravenous .
heart fellow called to floor at 930am for frequent loose which which appeared to be low blood pressure .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed no evidence to suggest lung infection or lung infection .
patient was initially treated with cefepime and vancomycin , renally dosed .
she presented with digestive tract bleed , blood pressure , lung infection .
patient was treated conservative with fluid hydration , and monitored closely on the rising asa level .
recent body scan revealed an increasing from from 6.7 to 7.8 involving the distal ascending and aortic arch .
the patient had a blood of of 91 with a troponin of 0.05 .
a repeat ultrasound of the right upper upper deep venous blood clot showed that it was a non occlusive clot .
at emergency department they first engaged the left and found with with 80 % mid lestion .
ultrasound performed with evidence of fluid collection along course of heart artery heart attempted but had to be aborted due to gagging .
blood cultures , urine cultures , and blood blood were negative .
this is an 80 year old man on coumadin for high blood pressure who presented to outside hospital after a seizure .
admitted for iv albumin , antibiotics for possible lung pna seen on chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) , and fluid optimization .
emergency department was called and the patient was found to be breathing and apneic at arrival .
patient returned to hospital1 18 for same day admission following his cath and discharge 1 week earlier .
she remained low blood pressure and her low blood pressure was well controlled .
catherization complicated by global heart elevations , heart requring atropine and low blood pressure requiring dopamine .
he was subsequently weaned off his nicardipine drip after the re-initiation of his home antihypertensives .
from the negative trauma work-up , it is probably safe to say the cause of his loc was biological rather than mechanical .
a family meeting was held to let them know of the results , and they had further discussion with primary care care provider regarding organ donation , which they agreed to .
patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a heart cath which revealed heart artery and 2 vessel disease .
heart electrical activity detection was remarkable for v5 , v4 st elevations .
extubated that evening and transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 1 to begin increasing his activity level .
in addition , human immunodeficiency virus and quantitative igg were checked to rule out immunocompromisedstated .
# acute blood loss : : patient had significant low blood cells during his surgery .
he was given by , atropine and fluids , his systolic blood pressure increased to 80 and his international normalized ratio normalized .
he was given etomidate and rocuronium pre-intubation and placed on propofol gtt .
the next morning the patient still was not having bms .
body near the time of discharge revealed resolved aspiration lung infection .
left blood cells : patient received left catheter line on 2111-9-19 for parenteral antibiotics due to his bacteremia .
no heart , masses or thrombi were seen in the left ventricle .
she also had low blood pressure during admission , with evidence of lung infection , and was found to have lung pleural effusions and mild edema . edema . lung .
this is a 34 year old right handed man with history of of htn who was transferred from an outside hospital with l mca stroke .
he was brought to hospital3 36606 hospital where he was noted to resist suctioning of his blood pressure , but was otherwise unresponsive .
he was transferred to the intensive care unit and chest tube was placed for left lung ; the patient was subsequently sent to the intensive care unit for further care .
she was started on eeg to evaluate for seizures .
low blood pressure likely related to volume depletion and lack of access to free water .
the patient was maintained on a ciwa scale with valium .
beta blockers and diuretics were started and he was gently diuresed towards his pre-op weight .
he got up and took some tums with an improvement in these symptoms .
in the emergency department , initial vital signs notable for blood pressure to 80s .
he will need his heart disease followed as an outpatient .
she has continued to have chest discomfort several times a week and was seen by cardiology today .
she presented to the emergency department where she underwent an body which revealed portal gastropathy and severe blood blood pressure but no active bleeding .
he had similar palpitations 6 months after his heart in in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously .
she reported that she had been on an alcohol binge for several days , last drink was 3 days prior .
he received fluid fluid boluses as needed at keep sbp > 90. .
he was weaned to nasal canula however his hospital course was complicated by frequent episodes of breathing distress and breathing .
her patient is described as soft but not watery .
of note , he has had on and off arm pain that was non-exertional over the past 3 days .
he has a heart score of 2 and so would indicate anticoagulation with coumadin if safe after his repeat heart electrical activity detection in mid-month 958. .
it was also mentioned to him to ask his doctor doctor doctor at his primary care care provider visit if he needed a pill endoscopy .
once patient improved , left left blood pressure , alcohol profile pending on discharge .
she was discharged home with visiting care care care services and the appropriate follow-up appointments .
body scan of the head confirmed an infarct in the left territory likely due to atrial fibrillation .
heart pumping with preserved global and regional biventricular systolic function ( ef > 55 % ) .
patient completed a 14 day course of vancomycin for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus tracheobronchitis .
he received a diagnostic paracentesis which did not reveal blood clot .
suspect that much of her presentation now is attributable almost entirely to alcoholic hepatitis .
at the time of discharge her international normalized ratio was 5.7 and she was recieving no coumadin .
he states that he has a history of high blood pressure , but he does not take any medication for it .
body of the chest showed no lung , but was consistent with lung lung infection .
patients white count and fevers decreased and he was afebrile at discharge .
initially she was on a dilaudid pca for pain control .
the patient 's code status was full code during this admission .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , she was drowsy but awakens to sternal rub is alert and oriented .
prior to this admission , he was admitted two weeks prior with angina and ruled in for a heart disease .
at time of admission , he was complaining of increasing fatigue .
the patient 's cardiologist will monitor his heart on discharge .
heart elevation was thought likely secondary to heart strain but not to heart rate .
he continues to have significant blood pressure and weight loss and will follow-up with his primary care physician doctor .
she was transitioned to insulin insulin once the gap was closed .
patient had 12 mm of midline shift with a 30 mm subdural hematoma which was chronic in appearance .
given the patients history of blood disease and liver disease the hepatology service was consulted who performed an body and found grade 3 bleeding esophageal varices .
he will complete a 14 day course of vancomycin with by mouth dosing .
as she was not a tpa candidate given timing of presentation , the patient was taken to the interventional radiology suite .
surgery was consulted who felt that the patient did not have acute lung infection and that his ruq tenderness and lft abnormalities were most likely due to transient passage of a stone .
patient is refusing intubation but according to her hcp she is a full code .
she had no further of episodes of bleeding with a stable blood blood pressure and was deemed stable for discharge home .
she is being called out to the medical floor for further management of presumed lung , lung and etoh cirhosis .
proportion of 2.9 on admission , which is below previous baseline , but trended up slightly .
plays golf regularly and on average uses 1 sl nitro every 3-4 days which alleviates his angina .
we controlled patient 's pain with oxycodone 2.5mg q4h by mouth and acetaminophen 650mg q6 6 .
international inr elevated on admission , likely from interaction of coumadin and one of her antibiotics or other new lung .
the bloody bms were not preceded by worsening shortness of breath or other symptoms suggestive of an lung exacerbation .
body was done to r/o cord compression vs epidural abscess and was normal .
at the time of discharge , the patient 's blood pressure remained stable with systolic pressures in the 110s-130s .
as she also presented with lung infection , there was concern over localized abscess .
a ampullary stricture was noted and plans were made to readdress with sphinchterotomy in a month .
the patient had chest pleural effusions postoperative and had chest tubes placed bilaterally .
body 2110-1-11 showed worsening airspace opacities in the lung and lung with worsening pleural effusions .
patient will need to have blood pressure checked as an outpatient .
she was seen and evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy who felt that she was stable to go home with pt/ot services .
this study revealed mild inflammatory stranding of the sigmoid colon which was suggestive of lung infection .
he reports having chronic pain that is managed by long acting morphine 15 mg up to 4 times per day and a fentanyl patch 75 mcg .
normal digits and creases and age-appropriate and symmetric tone and reflexes .
she became low blood pressure to 90 systolic which responded to intravenous fluid boluses up to 110 systolic .
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 5 the patient was patient freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
pathology and body imaging was sent from hospital3 for further interpretation .
foley patient 'd , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled .
shoulder pain : the patient complained of left shoulder pain with a restricted passive and active range of motion consistent with adhesive capsulitis .
8 ) kidney : patient has poor synthetic liver function and he was given for for for for for procedures .
his blood pumping was 46 % and international normalized ratio was 1 % making a prerenal pictures less likely .
surgery surgery was consulted and performed a mediastinoscopy for which the sampled lymph nodes were negative for malignant cells .
he was given mucomyst for renal protection from contrast .
a body flair was thought unlikely as she was not wheezing .
he also had 3-4 episodes of several minutes of horizontal diplopia .
most likely due to low blood pressure in setting of low blood pressure .
the suprarenal component of his blood of blood was stable without any change in size over a significant period of time with monitoring .
patient was initially taken emergently to brain body , and was admitted to the intensive care unit , , where concern was for toxoplasmosis vs. cns lymphoma .
his course was complicated by repeated exacerbations of worsening shortness of breath , and pulmonary lung infection .
he will follow-up with body spine clinic on dishcharge .
he was admitted to the trauma service for further evaluation and treatment of these injuries .
he was taken here for evaluation and head body revealed an intracerebral hemorrhage .
initial whole blood care unit for treatment of blood pressure .
patient transfused one unit of blood filtering on 6-26 with good hematocrit response .
patient had one episode of blood pressure after blood pressure but stayed proportion of red blood cells stable .
she was given ten units of insulin and started on an insulin drip .
he will follow up with his heart disease team regarding further treatment .
he was transferred to the intensive care unit unit in critical but stable condition .
abdominal incision appeared pink at staple insertion sites on right side where he also had some swelling and pain to touch .
body revealed multiple non-bleeding erosions in antrum , non-bleeding ulcer in pyloric channel .
37 year-old man transferred from outside hospital after being struck by car while intoxicated with alcohol and traveling on a bicycle .
in the emergency department , the patient reported chest pain only with cough .
on sunday she reports worsening in her symptoms and shortness of breath , shortness of breath , air hunger , fever/chills and sweats .
she was started on quetiapine initially for suspected icu-related delirium .
the patient also was given iv acyclovir prior to presentation to hospital1 18 in case the patient 's clinical picture represented ebv encephalitis .
he went to his regularly scheduled follow follow up appointment today , where he was found to be hypoxic to 75 % on blood pressure after walking in from the car .
stroke thought secondary to heart disease , not on coumadin .
body scans of head were done which just showed age related volume loss but no acute abnormalities .
an tube tube and rectal drain were placed intraoperatively .
the patient was transferred to the telemetry floor for further recovery .
the patient is a 77 year old female with a history of cad s/p cabg , insulin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , high blood pressure and high blood pressure who presents with an episode of right sided chest pain .
by post-operative day # 5 , patient was alert and oriented and back to baseline mental status .
he maintained a normal sinus rhythm without atrial or ventricular arrhythmias .
he carries a diagnosis of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder , which reportedly had been causing an obstructed left ureter .
following the benzos , he was able to be aroused and have conversations , but was sleepy .
she is admitted to the intensive care unit for further evaluation of her heart heart rate with shortness of breath and heart rate .
he reports 2-14 lifetime episodes , each time chest blood pressure chest pressure and shortness of breath , which started a few months ago while at a rehab facility .
this lung process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent from from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an heart electrical activity pattern or any particular disease process .
within 24 hours , he awoke neurologically intact and was extubated without incident .
69 y/o male with atrial atrial fibrillation , aortic heart artery , and coronary artery disease who is now having increased symptoms of shortness of breath on exertion .
the circumflex was large with a tubular 70 % stenosis of mid vessel and a long 70-80 % left before the left left .
later on post - operative day he was weaned from sedation , awoke neurologically intact and extubated .
notably patient is to to 102.6 , has an elevated white blood cells , has a palpable gallbladder , and appears to be suffering from frank sepsis .
sputum revealed moderate growth of oropharyngeal flora ; no pathogens were isolated .
45 year-old male with unknown medical history found down , slumped over against a building .
known lastname is a 32 year old woman with ulcerative colitis on cyclosporine who developed a headache six days ago , and now presents today with bizarre behaviors according to her mom .
lights , noise , and head movement exacerbate the discomfort , as does exertion ( chest coughing and sneezing ) .
in the emergency department , cyclosporin levels were checked qam and cyclosporin was redosed if level < 100 as per bmt recs .
per emergency medical medical care unit , negative negative report , tox screen was positive for opiates .
this was not further evaluation on this hospitalization given the patients acute illness .
no new areas of body seen with slightly enlarged leftward shift .
she has known heart disease and will follow-up with her primary care physician for this problem .
her chest discomfort has been noticeable to her for the past two years , but currently is occurring on a daily basis .
he admitted to intensive care unit while in the intensive care unit , denied any belly pain , sick , vomiting , or diarrhea .
given cocaine use , could also consider heart disease with cardiogenic shock .
pleural and subcutaneous chest tubes to sxn w/ serosang drainage .
an body and body showed subarachnoid hemorrhage in the left sylvian fissure with decreased flare in the left ica .
outpatient thyroid ultrasound is recommended as outpatient for further workup .
evaluated by emergency care care care and ortho trauma , intracranial body and fractures deemed non-operable .
she was tolerating without without difficulty and placed back on all of her home meds .
on transfer to the floor her insulin was changed to 30u lantus qhs to avoid hypoglycemia .
this is a 74 year-old man who presented to hospital6 3872 with increased shortness of breath on exertion and worsening exertional chest pain since one month .
patient did not think this was operable and wanted to initiate radiation to help shrink the tumor and airway compromise .
the patient initially was placed on vanco/cefepime for possible sepsis ( lactate up to 3.4 on 2145-1-17 ) .
this is a patient with multiple medical problems who has been followed by the podiatry service for a nonhealing right fifth toe ulceration which has been refractory to conservative treatment for over the last 6 weeks .
she was subsequently stabilized , and transferred back to the medical floor for continued management .
the patient was made comfortable and she expired several hours later .
we ordered a body to evaluate for obstruction , given the length of constipation .
we started him on bactrim by mouth daily for pcp prophylaxis given his cd4 count of 55 .
she returned to her baseline state for roughly one week when she awoke with crampy lower lower pain .
she is currently complainign of pain in the saphenous vein graft debridement site .
after extensive discussion with family , the decision to defer digestive was made based on high risk of peri-operative mortality .
he was recently diagnosed with bicuspid aortic valve and ascending aortic on on echocardiogram in 2104-5-22 .
several gauze pads were applied with poor control of bleeding .
this is a 63-year-old female hospitalized at an outside hospital on 5-1 with several sputum production .
she was on max dopa and levo added for support .
with patient living alone at home and legally blind , personal hygiene and medication compliance are issues .
the patient underwent left bronch on 10-14 , which showed 40 % anterior movement of the posterior tracheal wall during exhalation , as well as almost complete obstruction of the left and right main bronchi during exhalation .
spent the night on cpap oxygen and satting 98 % .
there was a possible small fistulae from teh rca and lm to pa or mediastinum .
she underwent body body which revealed no evidence of retroperitoneal hemorrhage .
he received cefepime 2gm , vancomycin 1gm , furosemide 100mg by mouth once , by mouth 325mg mg once .
he was extubated within 2 hours of arrival to outside hospital with pain control an issue post operatively .
she had a foley , right chest tube , jp drain and an ng to suction .
he was during during admission and aggressively diuresed in the intensive care unit .
has been on coumadin for one month since last blood blood pressure .
this is a 67 year old female s/p rollover motor vehicle crash the patient was a restrained driver .
she was instructed to weigh herself daily and report > 3 lb weight gain to her doctor .
patient pletal was initially held until it was shown his were were stable .
was given 2mg iv ativan and intubated for airway protection .
there was considerable variation in measurements- an arterial line was attempted for invasive monitoring without success .
the patient has been worked up with an body scan that shows the tight posterior fossa with inferior displacement of parts of the cerebellum to the level of c1 .
recommend increasing atenolol dose if patient becomes low blood pressure above goal international normalized ratio after discharge .
an body was performed showing high wbc count and cultures grew out gpcs .
as these history disease type symptoms seem to be occurring with more frequency , he sought consultation with his primary physician who started him on by vein , atenolol and omeprazole .
heart cath revealed severe 3 with with preserved ef .
lung urinary infection : while in intensive care unit , patient was intubated and sputum cx grew + + + aureas and e. coli ( pan sensitive ) .
patient was notified and he was sent to the intensive care unit for further care .
as volume was added , the patient was kept on phenylephrine to keep sbp > 85 .
his labs were noteable for creatinine of 1.5 , proportion of red blood cells of 132 , wbc of 12.9 .
her blood pressure did trend down , and she remained stable and stable .
she received heart pretreatment for blood pressure and the was was held .
the family and patient did not want any further interventions , so the patient was made patient and comfort measures only .
in the emergency department , the patient arrived emergency department to the 40s , using her accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s .
post - day day , 125 mg of solu- medrol intravenously times one and 6 units of regular subcutaneous insulin .
name ( ) ) 6419 recipient and donor are are negative and a positive .
of note , wife is very angry about the fact that patient was released to home from post - operative procedure suite today .
another egd was performed hd7 where a blood vessel probe was applied to the bleeding portion of the lesion with cessation of the bleeding .
he went to the intensive care unit and was deemed low risk for injury and was discharged home .
she was scheduled for outpatient mrv to evaluate for access for future chemo sessions and will likely need chest port .
of note , there was no evidence of blood pressure which would be present in the setting of kidney nephropathy , nor was there any evidence of kidney nephropathy and thus ace inhibitors were not initiated .
treatment was initiated with antibiotics ( ctx , levoquin ) for lung infection , and steroids for lung flare .
he developed chest pain on postoperative days # 1 and heart electrical activity detection enzymes were positive .
79 year old man with extensive lung disease and surgical history who is transfered from outside hospital for chest pain .
on postoperative days five he was also noted to have a small amount of drainage from the lower most pole of his sternal incision .
she had a brief period of blood pressure and lasix 20 mg by vein was repeated - > diuresed 1300 cc 's in total .
showed showed ebsteins anomaly with markedly dilated with with rv rv with with focal rv hypokinesis , severe heart , small small with focal inferior with with ef > 60 % , trace mr , no . .
her heart electrical activity detection showed mild basal inferolateral hypokinesis with ef > 55 % .
longstanding left foot ulcer with recent imaging at outside hospital showing blood pressure per reports .
in the emergency department , the patient was breathing , oxygen on oxygen on arrival .
per her report she was reccently started on a new medication for her blood pressure ( ( ( ( ( ( )mg ) ) ) ) ) ) in the week . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ( mestinon 30 mg ) ) earlier in the week .
he has had short since his catheterization in 2168 about once a month shortness of breath exertion but notes that it resolves quickly w/ shortness of breath .
years old man with known heart disease right inferior left artery ( 2089 ) and stenting in 2090 and 2096 .
postoperative days 1 found the patient extubated , alert and oriented and breathing comfortably .
she was ordered for 2 units packed red blood cells ( not given due to difficult crossmatch ) , crossmatched 4 units .
cultures were sent , and ua was suggestive of lung infection .
postoperative proportion of red blood cells was low and she was transfused packed red blood cells with good effect .
heart electrical activity detection was performed that demonstrated mildly dilated heart , systolic blood pressure systolic function moderately depressed w/ heart if the entire septum and inferior wall , and 1+mr .
on post-operative day 4 a body scan revealed worsening lung and the patient again was taken for body with evacuation of hemothorax .
he was recently noted to have a rise of his blood pressure and on 2184-6-4 underwent a body scan of the abdomen and pelvis which demonstrated metastatic disease in segments 4 and 5 of the liver .
later that day she had elevation of icp to 30s it was decided to bring her to the or for a right temporal clot evacuation with hemicraniectomy .
a body of the neck was completed which showed no significant artery artery artery artery stenosis .
he had persistent secretions and was given guaifenesin w/ codeine on a prn basis as a mucolytic .
an epidural and pca were provided for pain control .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed poor inflation of the lungs with enlarged heart borders consistent with her pericardial efussion .
84 m russian speaking , h/o heart disease ( right artery coronary artery and lad stenting 2186 ) , dm2 , high blood pressure , ckd , chronic recurrent aspiration lung infection , who presents with acute onset of from from . .
she was evaluated by the cardiology fellow who transfered her from outside hospital to here to be heart .
2 ) liver failure - patient with hcv cirrhosis , progressive metastatic lung disease , and portal vein thrombosis .
given concern for a neoplasm of the pancreas , ampulla , or cbd , or porta hepatis nodes causing intermittent biliary obstruction , she was admitted to an outside hospital 3-31 for further . .
she was admitted to the intensive care unit for heart rate in the setting of heart heart disease with concern for cardiogenic low blood pressure or evolving low blood pressure .
blood pressure and proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the remainder of her stay .
hepatology saw the patient with plan for colonoscopy in the emergency department .
he was transfused total of 7 units and red blood cells stabalized at 30 .
emergency department arrived intubated and was admitted to the intensive care unit .
on postoperative days one and two , he remained in the intensice care unit for hemodynamic support .
patient 's proportion of red blood cells remained stable after the colonoscopy , he tolerated full diet and did not have any further episodes of bloody bowel movements .
went to heart doctor office on 7-29 with one month of watery diarrhea and shortness of breath typical of her copd flares .
however , after extensive discussion , given his overall improvement , and nihss less than 10 , it was decided not to take him for ia tpa or clot retrieval .
this is a age over 90 female female with a history of high blood pressure who presented to the hospital with worsening lower extremity edema and new onset atrial fibrillation .
two large bore ivs were placed and he was made by mouth .
however , dilantin was discontinued after body revealed normal activity .
he was treated with antibiotics for his lung infection as well .
the patient was neurologically intact and heart stable , weaned from inotropic and vasopressor support .
in the emergency department , the patient was continued on a pantoprazole , , transitioned to hospital1 on the floor .
patient with transient low blood pressure thought to be due to fluid mobilization after aggressive fluid hydration .
known lastname 57100 is a 52 years old male who resides in prison was transferred to hospital1 18 from hospital hospital via ambulance with a known subarachnoid . .
high blood pressure meds were held except midodrine which he was tolerating by end of intensive care unit stay .
the medical examiner decided to take his case for a blood clot given the patient 's recent spinal cord surgery at outside hospital and his high blood pressure and his young age .
she received 30 minutes of chest compressions which may have been suboptimal as tandem heart was being placed .
female with past medical history significant for heart disease , cad s/p cabg , and high blood pressure presenting with congestive disease disease exacerbation complicated by last name on ckd requiring initiation of of .
proportion of red blood cells increased from 11 on admission to 17 the following day , though she remained low blood pressure .
while on the medical floor , tube tube was replaced given worsening of her belly pain and distension .
given her history of esbl in the past , she was covered with imipenim and gentamicin .
patient was started on gabapentin and a lidocaine patch .
the patient spiked a temperature of 102 in the emergency department and received acetaminophen .
28 year old female with type i years old who presents to medical intensive care unit for diabetic ketoacidosis # diabetic ketoacidosis : patient presented with high blood pressure , acidosis with anion gap , and ketones in urine consistent with diabetic ketoacidosis .
he was hydrated with 1 l ns prior to the study .
patient was on ceftazidine and levaquin after the extubation and was transferred to the medical floor prior to discharge .
he was diuruesed , but continued to require high levels of oxygen and blood pressure .
he has been having for for the past month and is followed in heart failure clinic by dr first name ( stitle ) 437 .
heart doctor was consulted and felt that the heart was not concerning for a new heart heart event .
the baby was extracted with breech presentation with significant bruising of the extremities .
then was per patient confused , unable to follow commands , aggitated , but apparently oriented to time of day and place .
body ultrasound showed evidence of cholelithiasis with no evidence of blood clot , but no portal vein vein .
according to emergency department , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
her oral analgesia was increased and additional analgesia was added to her regimen .
# diabetes type ii ( a1c 11.2 in 3-7 ) patient was on high blood pressure plus long acting while in house and is discharged on home regimen of insulin for continued follow follow up .
he became low blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 60s and was given intravenous ns 400cc which brought up his blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 130s .
she was weaned off therapy therapy and transferred to step down on 6-27 , when her sutures were also removed .
evidence of intraventricular septum flattening on chest chest chest chest and on chest report and on fast heart rate in heart with rv dysfunction .
body scan revealed large fluid/air space collection with mass effect , ddx includes infection mass .
he was given continuous positive airway pressure followed by bag mask ventilation .
high blood pressure : the patient is currently being managed well on nph and a regular insulin sliding scale .
blood blood was positive for blood blood cells , which according to the blood bank , was not enough to account for what would have been the degree of hemolysis needed for the lack of response .
blood pressure improved with blood pressure pressure and has remained stable for days prior to discharge without additional fluid boluses .
his patient 's improved daily with proportion of red blood cells decreasing to 28 , high blood cell 55 , alk phos 115 , and international normalized ratio 1.8 .
her bicarb ivfs were discontinued as it was felt she was resolved from her overdose .
# high blood pressure : patient has no history of of diabetes or taking oral or high blood pressure diabetes medications .
81 y/o male with a history of lung disease , heart failure c/b recurrent transudative pleural effusions presenting with acute breathing distress following pleurodesis .
patient had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound .
she was brought emergently to the the a right sided for for evacuation of hematom .
during that hospitalization she was admitted with concern for heart disease , but had a heart heart artery with nonocclusive and and only heart electrical activity .
the patient was eventually controlled by re-instituting his regular medications and increasing his dose of lisinopril .
dilaudid intravenous was used postoperatively to control pain , then transitioned to oral narcotics .
metabolic acidosis : he had an anion gap acidosis which remained unchanged throughout his admission , likely from uremia and/or lactic acid from sepsis .
vomited small amount of bright red blood in emergency department .
revision failed , however , thoracic surgery reported a large area of necrotic tissue with difficulty localizing the anterior wall of the trachea .
patient was initially treated in the intensive care unit and received three amps of bicarbonate .
she waxed and waned in her mental status , which was likely delerium related to her lung infection and infection .
imaging revealed mild to moderate reversible defects in the heart artery and pda territories .
her only physical complaint was of heartburn , no worse than her usual acid reflux symptoms .
per emergency medical medical care unit report , patient gave by dose of intravenous epinephrine , benadryl , and nebs .
patient has developed right sided reproducible lung - non-pleuitic but worse with coughing and soreness of her lower ribs/abd muscles with coughing .
on review of systems , he denies any prior history of stroke , blood clot , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , short stool , black stools or red stools .
he was noted to have scant sanguinous drainage from the midportion of his sternal incision .
a heparin intravenous was started several times throughout her hospital stay but had to be held because of a dropping blood of , hematuria or subcutaneous hematoma .
the physical therapy service was consulted for assistance with his postoperative strength and mobility .
post-operatively the patient did well , with no major complications .
he presented this time with shortness of breath and shortness of breath , which started this afternoon occuring mutliple times per hour .
doctor was consulted and determined that heart was not indicated at this time given recent digestive bleed . bleed .
he had a bone marrow biopsy performed on that day as well .
she initially tolerated extubation well however gradually experienced more distress and started on a morphine drip and and and and and and and and and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . distress and started on a morphine drip and scopalamine patch .
patient improved neurologically , was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy and found to require acute rehabilitation prior to discharge to home .
she also endorses subjective fevers and chills but denies shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , night sweats , sick contacts , rhinorrhea , sinus congestion , ha .
the patient initially required aggressive pulmonary toilet with hourly suctioning .
he recently had stent placed , increasing his risk for a infection infection infection source .
patient and his family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in emergency care unit , closer to home .
later that same day he went to operating for a biliary stent was placed successfully across the cystic duct opening in the cbd with the distal stent in the duodenum .
this is a 71 year-old woman with metastatic kidney cell carcinoma diagnosed in 3-22 and patient being transferred to the hospital unit name 153 s/p left radical for for respiratory monitoring .
his prostatic biopsy was scheduled due to a recently elevated of of 7.2 .
a body scan at the outside hospital revealed a 0.5 cm left frontal contusion .
age over 90 yo f with history of high blood pressure , depression , high blood pressure and dyslipidemia transferred from nursing home with high blood pressure .
she received a total of 2 units packed red blood cells during her stay , and responded well to these transfusions .
a body was done for abdominal distension and body exam which showed possible bowel obstruction .
she was initially admitted to the intensive care unit and was transferred to the floor on 2158-5-4 .
he developed blurry vision on 2140-2-8 , a head magnetic resonance imaging scan at that time was without abnormalities .
a head computed tomography showed calcifications in pons with no metastasis .
she went for repeat tap by ip , but they could not see an area to tap on ultrasound , and decided to bronch her instead with bal .
patient presented with an proportion of red blood cells of 23.2 , and required a total of 10 units of red blood cells while in the intensive care unit to maintain blood cells blood cells .
once proportion of red blood pressure stabilized , he was transferred out of the intensive care unit to the med-doctor first name floor .
47 yo f with 1 week of uri treated with arithromycin , sent to intravenous by intravenous with rapid heart rate , subsequently had intravenous , sent to ed by pcp with rapid afib , subsequently had had arrest and was intubated and sent to intravenous , sent to ed by ems with with with afib , initially had respiratory and was intubated and and sent and sent to .
repeat head after after body showed no progression of sdh .
however , his status status status status markedly improved and he his on ra , and there was no indication for further work-up .
patient had follow up two days later along with labs drawn , which showed an acute proportion of red blood cells drop to 14.1 .
the patient was continued on lisinopril and half of her home dose of toprol xl with good effect .
patient transferred to hospital1 18 due to high risk of rebleeding , possibly requiring a tips .
differential diagnosis at that time included blood pressure , patient medication side effect and hit .
he was found to be low blood pressure , so he was given albuterol , insulin 10 u , and glucose , and his repeat glucose was 18 .
exam exam remained benign and he tolerated heart , healthy diet .
he was also found to be extremely low blood pressure and thrombocytopenic with a number of areas that were oozing .
she was restarted on her home dose of aspirin , and will likely require lifetime proton-pump inhibitor therapy , although this may be able to be titrated downward in the future .
the patient has had chronic episodes of blood pressure and bright red blood per rectum , however , on the afternoon of admission , the patient felt that he was feeling increasingly weak , presyncopal and did not recall if he actually passed out or fell asleep .
her headaches were controlled on fioricet and she was deemed fit for discharge .
it was decided after her second hematoma while on anticoagulation , the risks of anticoagulation outweigh the benefits at this time and she was not anticoagulated .
an heart performed revealed mvp with severe heart artery heart at the request of the family the patient is transferred to hospital3 .
the patient had grade ii varices and was started on nadolol as above .
at time of call-out to floor there was no evidence of active or large volume bleeding and had had improvement in belly pain .
this was a spontaneous twin pregnancy that was uncomplicated until mom was noted to develop some cervical shortening .
head body revealed a large r epidural hematoma with 13mm midline shift and uncal herniation .
the patient underwent a second bronchoscopy which revealed a moderate sized blood clot at the left and right main stem bronchi .
he felt well for a few days , but returns with worsening shortness of breath as well as new cough and wheezing .
body head was performed which showed sah and l mca aneurysm .
per brief discussion with primary care physician ( name ) name ( ni ) 4457 , patient is an avid musician and plays the trumpet .
blood blood pressure 's were borderline in the emergency department ; she received a total of 1 l ns .
adenosine was pushed without resolution of his heart rate , presumed sinus heart rate .
head body repeated here and showed a 1.7 x 0.9 cm frontal contusion in addition to the the and sdh seen on the prior study .
the emergency service service service was consulted for peritoneal dialysis recommendations .
she took 2 tylenol for the pain but it quickly returned so she presented to outside hospital .
- she will be discharged to home hospice and will stop receiving hd treatments .
delivery was performed by cesarean for hypertension and oligohydramnios .
she was started on coumadin in recent months but her blood pressure has been therapeutic since initiation of therapy .
x-rays showed three synchronous lesions in the right upper lobe .
he was continued on prednisone and alb/atrovent nebs until it was determined that palliation was the goal of care .
a neurology consult recommended to pursuing dilantin treatment , obtain an an to evaluate for epileptogenic sites and start thiamine supplements and asa .
53 y/o male transferred from outside hospital for surgical evaluation .
# patient she had initially presented to the intensive care unit with chest pains and was observed overnight .
she was noted to have a right sided with with the head turned to the left as well as an aphasia .
bystanders found him to be unresponsive/pulseless and initiated for for 10 minutes .
she was weaned from sedation , awoke and was extubated on postoperative day 1 and she continued to progress .
he eventually agreed to hd and tunnel cath placed by ir in r on on 2171-4-4 .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , patient is intubated and sedated .
post-operatively the patient was taken intubated to the intensive care unit where he weaned off neosynephrine within 18 hours .
she originally presented to outside hospital where body scan demonstrated a pancreatic pseudocyst .
her bicarb gtt was changed to per per per per per per per per renal kidney , and was then changed just to ppn as she was felt to be low blood pressure and did not require more fluid resuscitation .
he was weaned off levophed in the emergency department with stable systolic blood pressure in the 110s .
patient was taken to emergency department emergently , was intubated in the field .
he was treated for lung infection with vancomycin/cefepime for an 8 day course .
subsequently his patient was d/c'ed as patient responded to daptomycin .
low blood pressure were better controlled and she did not have episodes of low blood pressure .
it is also possible that she had lung blood pressure in response to to , as her heart rate was 215/115 in the emergency department on admission .
she did not require any benzos per ciwa scale and was felt to be at low risk of withdrawal given recent detox .
apparently , the patient checked this online and self-referred to the emergency department .
patient instructed to have close follow up with blood cells for measurement of international normalized ratio and inr levels .
the patient was started on an initial fluroquinolone regimen and then changed to meropenem , before finally settling on imipenem regimen .
negative heart ruled out pulmonary emboli , but showed lower lower lower lobe collapse due to lobar atelectasis .
he should have daily international normalized ratio checks as he completes a seven-day antibiotic course ( levo will potentiate coumadin activity ) and should have international normalized international normalized checks thereafter until he is stabilized on a coumadin dosing schedule .
per the patient 's body the patient was read as worrysome for bronchogenic carcinoma .
86yo m w/hx of lung disease s/p xrt who presents with shortness of breath , lung and multifocal pna .
he was ultimately transitioned to a dilaudid pca to help determine his narcotic requirements .
he had symptoms to suggest a shortness of breath - no pleuritic cp .
the patient was rate controlled as above and also was started on afterload reduction with blood pressure and he was diuresed with lasix . .
incentive spirometry and patient toileting were continued and he remained without without without an elevated white blood cell count .
catheter catheter placement was unsuccessful due to bleeding and adhesions .
infection felt to be unlikely given that patient was afebrile any any localizing signs , elevated low blood cells .
he was had hemodialysis 9-11 and was transfused with packed red blood cells for decreased red blood cells cells .
digoxin loaded with rate control and subsequent conversion to heart rate .
her amlodipine was increased to 10mg daily because of ongoing blood pressure pressure .
approximately 1 month ago she had a swollen cervical gland .
after recovering in the emergency department , she was tranferred to the intensive care unit and the ob team followed in her care .
c-spine negative , she was found to have an lung infection , which is treated with levaquin .
in the emergency department he was noted to have a temperature of 101 and hypotension to 83/53 which improved with 2 l ivf .
her patient responded to 6l fm and her breathing became more comfortable .
the patient was admitted and had an airway body which showed high-grade focal tracheal stenosis at level of the cervicothoracic junction , corresponding to a site of prior tracheostomy tube insertion .
work-up of potential infectious etiologies included blood cultures , blood blood blood and urine culture , and chest x-ray .
his history and presentation was consistent with dextromethorphan intoxication .
given a remote hx of high blood disease , hepatitis serologies were sent , ( ( + ) ( + ) and hepc pending at discharge .
according to emergency department , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
heart doctor was consulted and felt presentation was unlikely to represent past partum cardiomyopathy .
he was sent to hospital1 18 for rehydration , stool for culture , blood blood and blood , hospital1 , repeat cbc , also concern for pcp/tb/lymphoma .
blood was negative for infection , international normalized ratio was checked which was low thought t4 was normal .
she continued to have blood pressure but was non-bloody bilious vomiting wo coffee grounds or frank known lastname .
he was started on empiric metronidazole on admission and stool samples sent for c diff toxin assay .
rotoblation was attempted , however complicated with wire fracture and rca perforation .
patient with kidney c/etoh cirrhosis on transplant list with adnexal masses found during transplant workup .
occipital mass on body she was found to have a right-sided occipital lesion that was new from prior studies .
an body of bother sites were obtained-negative for fracture .
he was stable stable without hypoxia and was well well well , and his well , and protecting his airway , and was brought in by ambulance .
he was given 3 more units of packed red blood cells and 1u packed red blood cells and he was transferred to the intensive care unit for monitoring , and to await rigid bronchoscopy by interventional pulmonology .
he required precedex to allow for vent weaning and was extubated shortly thereafter without difficulty .
he went into atrial fibrillation for which he was seen by heart , cardioverted and started on amiodarone .
cultures at the rehab facility were positive for gram negative staphylococcus bacteremia and acenitobacter in his sputum .
her urine output in proportion of red blood cells reached a low of 17 cc/hour but averaged 20-30 cc/hour overnight .
a chest x-ray showed marked and and congested pulmonary vasculature .
her acute breathing issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service .
the patient continued to decompensate and was taken to the operating room ( ak operating the operating room for an for an ex-lap as his lactate continued to rise in the setting of lung ; the thought was that he likely had ischemic bowel .
he was transferred to the intensive care unit unit in stable condition on phenylephrine and propofol drips .
review of review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath , shortness of breath or shortness of breath .
the day prior to discharge she was transitioned to by mouth prednisone as she was no longer having wheezes .
patient states that she has never had pain like this before and did have associated vomiting and vomiting .
she will be followed by gi and nutrition for these problems .
it is important to make sure that patient continues to have at least daily bowel movements , and that he does not become constipated .
the patient was stabilized with packed red blood cells , red blood cells , platelets .
he was evaluated by medical medical care care provider who found him agitated and ox1 .
he was found to have high blood pressure 76/40 with sinus heart rate to 116 and satting 98 % on room air .
heart electrical activity detection showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s .
blood pressure and international normalized were checked b/o persistent and and were wnl .
abdominal and pelvis body showed no evidence of retroperitoneal bleed , no evidence of or or or or fluid fluid .
he was placed , , a body was obtained which revealed an lung ; he was kept npo for several days until he began to pass flatus and having bowel movements .
80 year old male with history of blood disease including high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure who presented with intestinal angina and was admitted by vascular surgery for possible stenting .
she will be discharged with the heparin gtt to continue until her international normalized ratio is therapeutic in the range of 3-3 .
patient was consulted who performed laryngoscopy and though patient most likely had supraglotic scc with bilateral metastatis .
patient has history of presentation to emergency department in 2-5 with acute onset jaw and ear pain and was found to have with with minor ant .
he has not had chest pain , wosened shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , increase increased edema , belly pain , n/v/diarrhea .
on postoperative days 5 the proportion of red blood cells fell ~7 points to 22 , which was re-checked , and she was transfused 2 units of with an good with an good stable and remained stable . stable stable . stable stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . with an appropriate response and remained stable .
dizziness had improved by the morning of postoperative days 3 , and patient was walking steadily aroubnd the unit .
the heart team has been made aware of the patient ; given his varices , patient has recommended no ngt placement and rapid transfer to intensive care unit for blood pressure .
patient was administered full-dose aspirin and started on a nitroglycerin gtt .
with an unnclear etiology , given that dic labs were negative .
patient completed unasyn x 4 days and one additional day of ampicillin .
he was seen by endocrine and recommended to be discharged with glargine 30 units blood cells and to check his blood glocuse e .
proportion of red blood pressure remained stable for the rest of her hospitalization .
her a wardname was gradually turned down over the course of 3 days , and the patient was found to regulate her heart rhythm appropriately .
neurologically he has been doing well working with pt/ot and speech therapy at hospital3 .
received ceftraixone , vanc and flagyl for presumed aspiration lung infection .
upon presentation to the intensive care unit , the patient had a blood pressure of 100.0 and was found to be in emergency department per report .
patient 's proportion of red blood cells remained stable and he was transferred to the medical floor from the intensive care unit , where she again hct remained stable stable stable stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable . stable , where again remained remained stable .
patient suggested this might clear/heal on its own , but that if it does , , speech and swallow consult as outpatient should be considered .
fluid fluid was was negative and patient improved clinically with normal on on oxygen on discharge .
it was felt likely that she had e coli sepsis despite the negative blood blood blood , and she had peritonitis given the large of of wbcs on her ascitic fluid .
bloody positive stool in the setting of digestive of make slow a a possible source of lung infection as well although remained red blood cells remained stable .
when emergency department arrived at the outside intensive care unit she had to be reintubated for breathing distress .
a head body showed traumatic sah and neurosurgery consulted for further management .
he reports significantly decreased by mouth ( ( per ) intake over the last 4 days pta .
he ruled in for an acute heart with elevated troponins .
based on their findings , the decision was made to electively intubate the patient fiberoptically via l nares .
he was taking to the intensive care unit on postoperative days 2 for exploratory laparotomy and evacuation of the hematoma .
she was started on levaquin/flagyl for possible pna yesterday and was evaluated by by medical medical service ( for heart changes and an heart report is pending .
he was transfused with 2 units packed red blood cells 's on the 18th and was extubated .
there was concern for pancreatic necrosis at outside hospital , however review of imaging here showed acute blood clot but no of of of necrosis .
linezolid was also started in the acute setting because of a report indicating that mr .
he should maintain tight blood pressure control as well ( blood filtering 6.7 ) .
original head body was positive for a small bleed in the left ventricle .
per family patient was aggitated and taken to emergency department .
there was right vertex craniotomy , with improved trace subjacent pneumocephalus .
responded well to esmolol drip in the emergency department with improvement in rate control to 80s .
there was question of blood blood pressure on body although no clinical signs were apparent .
as anxiety was thought to be contributing to the patient 's high blood pressure , the patient was given ativan , and the heart rate rate remained normal during the remainder of her hospitalization .
she was kept intubated for first 24 hours given high dose mannitol and steroids .
he went to an outside hospital where showed showed an acute subarachnoid hemorrhage .
patient presented to outside hospital with unresponsiveness and was intubated for airway protection and difficulty breathing .
he had received a plavix loading dose of 300mg during catheterization so surgery was delayed until monday 2192-11-5 while plavix washed out .
diuresis with by vein drip was given with incomplete response .
since increasing dose of vancomycin , patient has been afebrile .
he had repeat heart electrical activity detection that was unchanged and it was recommended that he have another one in about 4 months .
patient was consulted who performed laryngoscopy which was non revealing .
she received a dose of ceftriaxone , clindamycin , and azithromycin for lung + post-obstructive lung , as well as nebulizers and solumedrol x 1. .
her code status was again changed to - - - - -she agreed to discuss with her primary care physician ( name ( name ( pre ) ) name ( pre the the the to fluid the the fluid fluid was was and was was was was was was was was was was was was was was was was was was was . . name initial ( pre ) living will on the second trip to the or , purulent fluid was again encountered and a wound vac was placed .
bedside tte showed a moderate pericardial effusion with some rv/ra diastolic collapse .
he should have a follow up echo in a couple of months to evaluate for any recovery .
post operatively he was transferred to trauma intensive care unit for close monitoring .
a body taken on the 8-6 , demonstrated interval improvement in left lung with stable pleural effusions .
he had an urgent emergent on 10-5 which revealed small in in in the gastric mucosa .
blood blood cells numbers were more consistent with heart blood pressure with a relatively low low blood pressure , high blood pressure output/index , and low low blood pressure .
a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen .
an body was done that showed an opening pressure of 26 ( not fully relaxed ) , with elevated protein of 292 .
he had a chest tube placed at the time of surgery that was removed of postoperative days # 3 after its drainage decreased .
he made excellent progress and was discharged to home with visiting care care care services on postoperative days # 4 .
he was continue on by mouth , , metoprolol 25 mg hospital1 , proportion of red blood pressure 30 during admission .
the neurological exam began slowly improving and some left lower left lateral movement was noted .
she had ongoing symptoms in 2138-1-2 and had heart electrical activity detection done at that time which showed non-occlusive thrombus of the left common femoral vein is similar in appearance to prior imaging studies .
she suffers continual pain in her back and a band-like pain across the lower aspect of her ribs/upper abdomen .
of note , and and cryptococcal antigen studies were negative and not not not seen on not seen on sputum immunofluorescence .
the heart of of heart arrest was likely multifactorial and potentially related to infection such as toxic megacolon and ?
he converted to heart rate and was discharged to home on postoperative days # 5 in stable condition .
he is s/p body and evacuation of the epidural abscess and s/p ir drainage of l psoas abscess and l gluteal muscle abscess .
bladder pressure was checked to monitor for abdominal compartment syndrome .
intravenous triple picc is in place after unsuccessful tlc attempt .
the arrest was witnessed by a family member , who performed heart .
she has chronic lung edema , but otherwise has been doing well since her last admission , initally at rehab then patient 'd home .
in the emergency department a catheter was placed and his initial readings were pcwp 38 , pa 56/24 .
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 4 the patient was patient freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
antibiotics were switched to vanc/zosyn for better anaerobic coverage out of concern for aspiration lung infection .
patient was not jaundiced , had normal white count , unelevated , , and was not jaundiced on exam .
a right body central venous line was placement and x-ray confirmed placement .
81 m with unknown patient was transfered from osh for evaluation .
patient signed off at that point and indicated that they did not believe he was having a significant digestive tract bleed and that further workup should be defered to the outpatient setting .
patient was consulted in the emergency department and advised an ng lavage , though this was not performed prior to transfer .
patient intubated for airway protection with dose of vercuronium for agitation .
due to high blood pressure , she initially required nitro drip .
once his post op body was obtained , he was cleared for discharge and he was in agreement with this plan .
patient may have been slightly more depressed than previously noted due to recent heart heart rate .
her complaints of left arm pain had improved as did the strength in her left arm .
patient was treated with ambisome with plans for for for 1-2 weeks followed by itraconazole for at least a year .
multiple consistencies of barium were administered under constant video fluoroscopic surveillance .
her catheter and drain were removed postoperative days 3 and she was able to take by ( ( ( ( ) ) ) 's .
his cirrhosis is complicated by esophageal varices and splenomegaly .
patient was started on intravenous , clinda , and tigecycline and osh and was immediately admitted to intensive care unit upon transfer .
patient has bruise to left hip from bumping into doorway and c/o stubbing her toe multiple times lately .
the body wound drainage decreased and granulation tissue was noted .
patient was stable on floor and transaminitis continued to improve .
the headache started occipitally but involved the whole head .
toradol was added to his regimen which was helpful .
69 y/o male w/known as , now w/progressive shortness of breath , decreased exercise tolerance .
she was becoming increasingly became , and was given 2 boluses 500cc ns .
continued on calcium acetate and cinacalcet as well as nephrocaps .
1 day following discharge she began having intractable hiccups , worsening shortness of breath , and worsening pain pain pain .
58 year old female who presented to heart office with chest pain and shortness of breath .
he will need another echo in about a month .
patient was restarted on diuresis to help mobilize fluid .
83yo f h/o dm , cad s/p mi , cri who was discharged on 2139-1-16 after a lengthy hospitalization for trauma .
his catheter was replaced in the intensive care unit , , and he was subsequently discharged .
she was diuresed with furosemide toward her preoperative weight .
statin was recently changed to gemfibrizil as patient felt lousy and patient had decided to stop taking plavix as it had been more than 2 years since last cath .
she was eventually stabilized and transferred to the intensive care unit team .
it was thought that her delta low blood pressure may have been due to underlying infection , and source for this was sought out .
patient underwent an body on 2184-5-13 which revealed a duodenal ulcer which was successfully cauterized .
she has been instructed to follow-up with her primary care care ( ( ( ( ) on discharge to further coordinate this .
cm informed the primary team that the paitient had no medical insurance by choice so the team kept costs in mind while caring for this patient , and he was discharged on half pills of higher dose medications where possible .
enterococcal uti was treated with vancomcyin initially , then linezolid until sensitivities returned .
at hospital1 location 620 , heart : t98.4 p44 rr18 bp181/74 and oxygen 97 % .
this large-for-gestational-age term infant was brought to the intensive care unit for evaluation of blood blood .
pathology showed body , and immunophenotyping was most consistent with a lung primary .
his high blood pressure and beta blocker were held during much of this hospitalization because of his lung disease .
the patient was managed nonoperatively with percutaneous drainage and he matured an enterocutaneous fistula which ultimately closed .
she reported that she was having decreased flatus , but no bloody bowel movements and no no or vaginal discharge .
though he endorsed suicidality on presentation , this resolved with resolution of his intoxication .
while i nthe cvicu he required pressure support post operative course 11-21 ep was consulted for interigation of icd 11-24 pt extubate ct out / post cxr no pnuemothorax ep interrigation of icd again for lower rate when stable he was delined .
he was aggressively resuscitated and his urine was alkalinized .
a lipid panel was checked and his blood pressure was in the 40s .
the patient is a 86 years old man who presents with right frontal iph .
this twin was noted to have intrauterine growth restriction and was followed with serial ultrasounds .
patient responded to intravenous fluids and her heart went down .
his creatinine stayed at 1.4 for the remainder of his admission .
overnight , she some some mild right sided chest pain with no other symptoms .
she has been treated with bowel regimen and enemas in the emergency department without great success .
a body was negative for lung disease , but showed marked emphysema .
his outside records were reviewed and the patient admitted to the intensive care unit .
free t4 was also low , indicating was also low , , so he was started on levothyroxine at 50 mg .
coumadin was held per bloody pericardial effusion and no evidence of low blood clot during admission .
the catheter catheter catheter clooted on 8-5 , but resolved to blood pressure .
the risks of this was explained to him by multiple midlevels on the team and he allowed us to place 2 staples .
he was given intravenous and ceftriaxone to cover for lung infection and gpcs , doxy to cover rickettsial dz and flagyl given the abd complaints .
likely there is some extension to the cortex that is difficult to see on ct as he has clear paraphasic errors and word-finding difficulties as well .
he reports he has had dark cloudy urine with white chuncky matter in his stream intermittently .
her patient was with with her regular home medications w/o adjustment .
this is a 55 year old female admitted for lung , belly pain .
her steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 .
an body body scan showed small bowel obstruction and rectal thickening .
bronchoscopy showed upper joint dislocations , subglottic , , and tracheobronchomalacia .
in her workup she was referred for a chest x-ray which revealed an enlarged aortic arch .
he had one episode of low blood cells this morning but otherwise no gi complaints although he has not been able to drink or eat much .
consult consult for possible compartment syndrome , continued to monitor for changes hourly in intensive care unit .
given a recurrence of high blood pressure , the metoprolol dose was minimized and furosemide , per nephrology , was added for uncontrolled high blood pressure .
per his his plavix was never stopped , although the patient is a poor historian and is unable to verify the medications he is taking at home .
social work/case management : patient was consulted to help the patient cope with the new diagnosis .
her blood blood cell was revealed to be 28 and a swan-ganz catheter showed low right atrial and pulmonary capillary wedge pressures .
he was taken to heart catheterization on 5-27 , which showed occluded left to left artery artery , native 3-vessel blood vessel , and a heart artery in the distal svg .
patient will be discharged home not on any beta-blocker , calcium-channel blocker or amiodarone .
patient was transitioned to an oral pain regimen with oxycontin and by mouth dilaudid prior to discharge .
she was started on zithromax , and ctx originally on admission , and after blood cultures came back positive on 2172-12-20 , she was started on vancomycin vancomycin w/ of of of of of zithromax .
patient was subsequently discharged to rehab in good condition on 2127-3-26 tolerating a regular diet , tube feeds cycled at night for nutritional supplementation .
he also had a body of his neck , which showed no fracture but degenerative joint disease .
he initially required inotropes and pressors for heart instability and a heart electrical activity detection was obtained that revealed rv heart .
fluid status is managed with hemodialysis as patient does not make urine .
she was admitted to rehab for management of the necrotic wound on her rll , discharged , and treated with vanc/cefepime and tube dressing .
doctor was consulted who believed cr would trend down without intervention and that heart electrical activity detection was not indicated .
his vomiting has been nonbloody , somewhat bilious , and he also reports very poor by mouth ( ( os ) intake due to his sore throat .
he tried two sl nitro , but did not help .
post op body showed post operative changes and right pneumocephalus .
there was no witnessed seizure activity , bowel/bladder incontinence at home .
this 81-year-old female with history of heart disease , ejection fraction less than 20 % , and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation , who presents with symptomatic mobitz type ii a-v block .
it appears that his low blood pressure is mild and has been well controlled with close monitoring .
review review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath , shortness of breath , ankle shortness of breath , shortness of breath , syncope or presyncope .
however , it was an incidental finding and patient did not demonstrate any signs or symptoms of lung or mesenteric or .
she was taken to outside hospital where 3 peripheral branches of the right right artery artery was embolized , and a catheter line was placed under sterile procedure in the rij .
patient was successfully extubated , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak .
encourage/assist with by mouth ( ( ( ) ) intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily .
38 year old male with known mitral regurgitation and mitral valve prolapse with new onset atrial fibrillation .
he was patient and proportion of red blood cells stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor .
patient became low blood pressure with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium .
transported to outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a heart and transferred to hospital1 hospital .
the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the emergency department , which was found to be 100 % occluded .
patient proportion of red blood cells was stable , did not have blood pressure for 24 hours and was able to tolerat last name ( ) ) , first name3 ( ( ( ) ) ocreaotide drip was stopped .
lisinopril was restarted given his hemodynamic stability and slightly elevated bps .
a catheter was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6-29 .
plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her supraglottic edema decreased .
surgery surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior for for atleast 6 months .
the effusion was noted to be loculated by lung and chest radiograph - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration lung infection .
this resolved after two sublingual nitro vein and patient also has nitroglycerin patch .
his ejection was estimated at 36 % with diffuse hypokinesis .
the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon pericardiotomy procedure if the effusion increases in size .
the patient remained low blood pressure throughout his hospital course , heart blood pressure stable , with treatment for mild as blood blood pressure as above .
at the outside hospital , the patient reportendly had an unremarkable heart electrical activity detection and negative cardiac markers negative x 3 .
heart disease - history of heart artery with only left graft still patent .
she was kept npo until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated .
lung and bk viral loads were sent and returned negative .
a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by body .
he was given tpa and strength improved within 3 hours .
her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced decreased perfusion .
known lastname 1557 is a 71 year-old female with history of atrial fibrillation and heart heart rate ( since november 2178 per emergency department ) who presented to hospital3 last night for shortness of breath .
he was found to grow gbs and id was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for osteomyelitis .
her last name 3041 was dc 'd .
# rhythm : after coming out of heart rate , found to have sinus heart rate , 2:1 block .
name10 907 prior prior to discharge was negative for blood .
his proportion of red blood cells remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet .
emergency department prior to transfer 97.7 , oxygen : 87 , blood pressure : 16 ,
the patient did not require intubation , was managed on bipap and weaned down to nasal cannula .
over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to hypocalcemia .
on 2135-3-19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his blood cells from 25 to 16 .
she was started on dilantin and her level was 12.1 .
known lastname 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for high blood pressure who presents with high blood pressure and acute agitation .
on the floor , he was re-started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2.0 - 3.0 .
42 year old female with h/o kidney 2-26 , etoh abuse , ?
review of systems + per , , some calf cramping and dysphagia on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke , blood clot , deep venous blood clot , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing lung edema for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix .
he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath , shortness of breath or shortness of breath currently .
82 year old male with a history of 6 prior patient 's ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor s/p cath with tight lad and diffuse heart disease disease without intervention .
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit with neuro-oncology , palliative care , and medicine consults .
postoperatively she was transferred to the intensive care unit for close monitoring .
it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput .
body scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant hematoma .
in the emergency department , she had a blood pressure in in the 30 's , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan .
creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization .
post transfusion proportion of red blood cells was initially 24.4 and then increased to 25.6 on 10-22 .
because of intermittent low blood pressure , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while po captopril was started .
he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy lad lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent .
in the emergency department , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1.5 and intravenous fluids were subsequently held .
known lastname seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect .
the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge .
after obtaining a dental panorex , it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery .
also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size .
patient receives large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164-12-12 .
he did not note any of the tightness with exertion .
# high blood pressure : low blood pressure may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening lung infection infection given c/o nausea .
the patient was given levo/flagyl , with coverage later expanded to add vanc and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin .
she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the intensive care unit with her blood pressure closely monitored .
during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins .
87 year old female with history of poorly controlled high blood pressure , high blood pressure , patient presents with shortness of breath of sudden onset the morning of admission .
a 71yo f with pmh acute myelogenous leukemia , neutropenic fever , throid goiter , admitted to omed service for neutropenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics , her course was complicated by acute renal failure after discussion with patient and family dialysis was declined and the decision was made to provide comfort care was made .
prior to that , last icd firing was on halloween .
currently , denies any complaints of shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or shortness of breath .
he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat body was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus .
at the time of discharge on 3-13 he is tolerating a regular diet , patient with an assistive device , heart with stable vital signs .
in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and pneumoboots were started .
# lung infection she was initially treated for lung infection based on her chest xray lung consolidation with antibiotics to cover for hcap organisms ( vanc/cefepime/cipro ) .
in emergency department , denies any belly pain , brbpr , shortness of breath , chest pain , difficulty breathing , light headedness , shortness of breath .
he does have a mild headache without nausea , vomiting weakness or paresthesia .
her blood pressure arterial pressures were 60s/30s .
ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and aneurysm .
he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations .
his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with lasixixixixixix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . lasix .
known lastname 96619 was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor on 2184-8-22 , for further management .
the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189-8-27 .
for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral-femoral cross-over graft were performed .
he took nitro x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes .
on the morning of admission he felt weak , he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand .
this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height .
82 yo man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease , 90 % stenosis on left with amaurosis fugax and possible syncopal episode now s/p carotid stent with good restoration of flow .
his postoperative days 4 am patient was stable with no increased shortness of breath , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up cxr was stable .
male old male w/cad , high blood pressure , and high blood pressure who has a h/o of hepatic liver who presented to an outside hospital chest pain that the day day pain that the day proir to admission .
presented to her name ( initial ) name initial ( pre ) 1 week who felt she felt have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is to to to to diuresis ) started ) started ) started on 40 mg po lasix daily ( at that time with mild improvement in her her her her her her . who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg po lasix daily at that time with moderate improvement in her le swelling .
she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm .
# high blood pressure : patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped .
she developed symptoms of a viral lung infection ( coryza , low grade fever ) which also resolved .
a swab of lesion was sent for hsv culture .
during the patient 's resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection .
he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine .
# high - - -psychiatry consulted , continued on paxil 20mg by mouth , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , the patient was in moderate breathing distress on a venti-mask and was also very anxious .
elevated blood cell and ca-125 are consistent with malignancy .
she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass .
he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels .
he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen .
it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital .
pump : patient with known dilated cardiomyopathy & biventricular dysfunction , ejection fraction 20 % .
she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up .
she remained low blood pressure despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve .
haldol was discontinued 1-5 to prolonging qtc ( reportedly 470s at longest ) .
in brief , the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left hemiarthroplasty repair 2152-2-17 .
received total 1.5mg dilaudid per emergency department in emergency department .
he was admitted to the intensive care unit 2157-7-9 with complaints of dizziness , shortness of breath , fatigue , shortness of breath , and a 13 lb wt loss over the last one month .
he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a pt evaluation .
apgars were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of live , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life .
she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls .
patient immediately went to head body for right parietal cortical with with sulci effacement ; however , negative for bleed .
a repeat body scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change .
plan was for follow-up with interventional body in 3-4 weeks .
she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every 4hrs .
this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , etoh cirrhosis , dmii , who presents one week after icd placement with recurrent heart heart rate . # rhythm : patient had 39 events of ventricular tachycardia with 11 shocks recorded on his pacer .
patient was chronically oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula - - patient tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would reccur quickly .
# depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms .
58 yo f otherwise healthy p/w black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned .
she was treated with a 30-day course of pentoxiphylline .
since is is 3.3 today , will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1-2 days .
this is a 44 year old female who was status post post - post - post - 11 on 2197-11-3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work-up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2197-11-20 .
mr known lastname 61229 is a 50 yo rh m with a h/o melanoma with known mets to spine ( s/p neck surgery 9 mos ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol , who presented to osh last night with weakness ( r > l ) and clumsiness .
she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate pos .
patient was then consulted who tried performing a tips on the night of 4-23 , but were unsuccessful .
he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter .
he was continued on by mouth ( ( ) and started on a statin .
she describes this as a left sided retroorbital severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines .
the procedure was complicated by closure of the pda .
received fluid fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573 icu for supportive care .
routine eeg did not reveal any frank heart activity , but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild of of toxic , metabolic , or anoxic etiology .
the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus .
known lastname complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear .
patient was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable gastric band placement .
he was continued on a ppi as an inpatient .
known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 cath catherization that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease .
she required blood transfusion for dropping blood cells from 30 to 20 with blood pressure blood pressure .
the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes .
date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic pulmonary lung , he was started on/off on a lasix gtt to keep him even for his lenght of stay .
he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation .
overnight he developed transient persistent to the low to mid 20s and became transiently to to the 40s .
his time of death was 13:40 approximately 1-2 after after extubation .
speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status .
reports increased swelling swelling x 2-3 wks , recently started on lasix+zaroxolyn for that .
history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on bipap .
he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175-1-21 ( day 1 was 2175-12-11 ) .
she is frequently admitted to intensive care unit for sbo 's .
the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines .
the blood blood cell labs revealed at a stable proportion of red blood cells and elevated potassium of 5.8 .
she was re-admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home .
his condition improved and patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days .
he has been taking his seizure and and denies any seizure activity , no am tongue biting , no urinary urinary incontinence , no focal motor/sensory sxp [ signs and symptoms ] 's , no blood pressure .
post procedure blood pressure were in the 90s from a baseline of 120-140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure .
4 ) high blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan , high blood pressure , metoprolol .
labs were significant for proportion of red blood cell 31.8 , cr 0.9 , blood pressure < .01 , bnp 2646 ( no baseline comparison ) .
on day of discharge pt and staff felt safe to discharge pt to rehab with close follow up .
known lastname stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening `` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up . ''
he was brought for body brain which showed acute right with with 1.2cm of lung as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal iph with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radiologist directly . )
# fluctuance over body spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management .
lack of red blood cells : his blood blood cells was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent proportion of red blood cells drop , as low as 26 .
patient was called who stated that they would perform in in emergency department .
she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum .
the patient received pantoprazole 80mg ( although ( although ( although ( although ( although bleed appeared more small-large intestinal ) , two large bore placed placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ) .
the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation .
they do suspect thar he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status .
she did not some vaginal pruritis in the emergency room .
he presented to hospital3 on 6-1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive .
# acute on chronic kidney failure : patient has ckd with baseline creatinine of 3.5-3.9 and presented with a creatinine of 5.8 and a hemoconcentrated blood cells .
in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus sinus .
on postoperative - , the patient was discharged to home .
at time of transfer , the patient continued to require oxygen of of 15 , and oxygen of 60 to maintain low blood pressure in the low 90s .
name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with ccu team and neurology .
she was placed on pcp prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids .
in , the emergency department , the patient received a total of 3l ns ; his blood pressure responded to intravenous , so he was bolused again .
he has also been confused intermittently , weaker with two falls at home with no or or or head trauma , and has had poor appetite .
this change was thought to be multifacted with high blood pressure , ca , meds ( dilantin new ) , , , ?
the following day , tues , she could n't sleep well secondary to lower back pain .
patient should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4-5 days after discharge .
# parkinson 's : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet .
labs showed stable proportion of red blood cells at 11.3/ 33.2 ( 11.9/34.6 on dc friday ) .
there is evidence of very severe tracheomalacia with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope , and almost complete obstruction of the distal trachea .
heart was performed which showed aortic stenosis , mild heart disease , heart heart , and moderate hypertension hypertension .
likely of of of felt felt to be digestive tract bleed with no sign of infection ( lung infection with no sign of blood clot , no blood clot , no blood pressure sbp however no ascites obtained ) .
she had guaiac negative stools in emergency department and in emergency department .
the patient did well post-operatively and was discharged on 7-13 .
on postoperative , the patient denies shortness of breath , shortness of breath , dizziness , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , belly pain , dysuria .
initial blood gas had a ph of 6.91 , a c02 of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 .
the patient was kept npo due to his aspiration risk .
the patient is a 70 old old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of l parieto-occipital hemorrhage .
he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial extremity .
lung for chest pain also includes lung infection , pulm failure failure , lung , pleurisy , and gerd .
during this admission blood cultures , body torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis .
as he was only on his ace for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication .
on admission to the intensive care unit , vitals were : 97.8 , 68 , 97/59 , 97 % on room air .
in the emergency department she was placed on two aed 's ( dilantin and keppra ) .
cardiology had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more hypotense to low 100 's , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 tid for a total of one week , with plan to decrease to 400 daily thereafter .
he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen-containing sleep aid for insomnia .
patient was maintained on a international - to maintain blood pressure and fingersticks were unremarkable .
patient was given 500cc ns , had basic labs ( no imaging ) .
patient has been on for for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay .
he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation .
his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated f/u appointments .
she was given gentamicin and admitted to the intensive care unit .
the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in retropharyngeal space .
the culture showed : gram stain ( final 2171-11-22 ) : no polymorphonuclear leukocytes seen .
mr known lastname is a patient with parkinson 's s/p brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise , , , fevers .
given his post-test estimated probability of of of of was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation .
body ultrasound was done that was neg for acute choly .
he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able .
patient was a total of 400 cc while in emergency department .
she was briefly placed on intravenous , but became very agitated and removed the bipap .
the cerebellar signs and amnesia , fit well with well-known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to hypoxia and carbon monoxide poisoning .
digestive tract bleed on the floor she was initially stable stable with stable blood cells red blood cells .
a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for breathing failure failure .
there , patient was unremarakable ( both the report and the images , which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler u/s of the carotids study was reportedly without e/o stenosis .
age over 90 years old female with history of diastolic high blood pressure and high blood pressure who presented with hypoxia and agitation .
the patient was placed on bipap for a period of time .
she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict npo after the procedure .
the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2-3g for 3 weeks pta ) , however , would likely be enough insult to cause acute hepatic toxicity from elevated tylenol levels/decreased clearance of tylenol .
the patient was started on intravenous for hypotension which was quickly weaned off .
he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the intensive care unit .
known lastname 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of itp and iddm complicated by autonomic postural hypotension , recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic sdh after fall , was transferred from osh for acute on chronic sdh with 7mm midline shift s/p right burr hole drainage by hospital1 18 neurosurgery .
patient is a 61 year-old female with high blood pressure , high blood pressure who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with and and anemia , clinically doing well .
postoperative days # 0-remained in hospital 2166-12-29 overnight for brief intravenous administration , volume resuscitation , 1u prbc , and observation .
he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion .
she was being on followup and further staging body scans were done .
he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg by mouth bid and will receive 3 sessions of uf per week as an outpatient .
there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67/45 , heart rate 130 , proportion of blood pressure 24 , blood pressure 100.8 axillary .
we started her on oral feeds on 2102-5-15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation .
a blood blood cell was checked and was 6.8 .
53 yo w w/ms first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) s / s s/p p and seizure .
low blood pressure during this hospitalization might have been low blood pressure in the setting of aggressive diuretic use .
patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
he had been discharged to rehab on 7-7 after being readmitted post surgery for heart arrest .
he remained stable stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech .
aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed .
in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for blood pressure 81 % on room air .
date range 57887 : on 10-14 patient had tube tube placed and percutaneous gastrostomy tube placed for feeding .
breathing and breathing improved , patient was extubated after 1.5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air .
+ dizziness , no syncope , sick vomiting shortness of breath , shortness of breath or other associated symptoms .
this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to high blood pressure .
he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3-9 days either ; he reports this is because `` i 'm on too many pills . ''
she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the intensive care unit .
she has been flipping in and out of atrial fibrillation frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of shortness of breath since that hospitalization .
he was placed on a 1:1 sitter while in house .
her risk factors for doctor last name included hypertension and high blood pressure .
a body body right carotids revealed mild-to-moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation , high-grade stenosis of the right internal carotid bifurcation .
# patient : holding heparin , not tolerating boots , cont ppi # full code .
he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum .
on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily .
he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures .
was in her shortness of breath when yesterday afternoon ( 7-10 ) she began having a `` choking sensation `` -like pain in her chest .
they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of of of .
epicardial pacing wires were removed on post - operative day three .
prominent r wave in lead heart electrical activity detection without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular heart .
this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187-4-19 with severe periumbilical belly pain , sick and vomitting .
initially held held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of low blood pressure and sepsis .
the patient had had no chest pain , shortness of breath , sick , vomiting or vomiting .
# etoh abuse : patient states her last drink was about 5mo ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture .
at that time , the family plans to terminally extubate her .
her repeat body at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital nchct .
patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8-19 and underwent the above stated procedure .
the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on-call hematology/oncology fellow .
he reports his last chest pain was on 12-10. .
she went to her primary care physician ( primary care provider ( primary office who noted an to to to to toss of of , , , , , , , she was sent to the ed for for for for foraa for possibleaa .aa .aa .aa .aa 's office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92/50 , hr of 105 , so she was sent to the intensive care unit for evaluation for possible dka .
the patient was fitted with a oxygen mask overnight , which he tolerated okay .
the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , sharp , lower abdominal pain ( 7-5 , constant , shortness of breath ) with pain in her mid back .
procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent .
per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist .
given the severity of his disease , the heart surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization .
3 ) : : today advanced patient 's diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume patient 's outpt insulin 50u qam + qhs while while .
proportion of red blood cells 2.0 with fibrinogen 104 -bun/cr 64/2.9 proportion of red blood cells 28 proportion of red blood cells 20 -plt 131 on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , patient is intubated and sedated and unable to provide further history .
since his discharge on 12-30 , mr. name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol .
states has had periodic high blood pressure , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks .
45yom with pmhx of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1-l2 [ lumbar vertebraes ] transverse process fracture and chronic pain who p/w difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid rapid and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long-term monitoring admission .
she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural hematoma .
surgery surgery was consulted and on 12-21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous . .
# high blood pressure : patient patient indicates excellent control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues with partially low . .
he will be discharged on a by mouth at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily .
patient was admitted with breathing , confusion , and decreased hearing in his right ear , and no localizing or lateralizing signs .
sleep apnea - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of high blood pressure , for which she has been on blood pressure in the past .
on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with visiting care care care care services .
superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of coag .
patient continues to be low blood pressure and is transferred to medicine for further work-up .
the patient 's course was complicated by heart with low blood pressure which responded to diltiazem .
a body was negative for lung infection , and a body of her head was negative for any acute process .
patient was complaining of light-headedness but no belly pain .
per wife , patient complained of sick and vomited 2-3x this afternoon .
known lastname 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157-1-28 .
# acute infection infection infection infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , diarrhea and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness .
the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6-16 .
she was seen by toxicology who recommended iv by and hepatology agreed .
body of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal and .
blood blood cells 20.6 prior to transfer and received 1 u blood cells .
patient was treated with intravenous and airway was monitored .
coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic .
started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6.6 l ns .
low blood pressure : hypovolemic low blood pressure as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above .
dr. last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor .
# high blood pressure : concern is for persistent bleed into the heart and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact pulses on both sides and per ortho , , compartment syndrome is a near impossibility in thigh .
however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly shortness of breath .
he also report an episode of left eye viral conjunctivitis .
on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate .
however , considering patient 's poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent .
a repeat body at that time was consistent with lung infection , lung and primarily ventral epidural abscess at outside hospital , t7 and t8 have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7-29 .
the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on o2 cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event .
patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine ir , and valium .
his low blood pressure resolved ( years old 59 on leaving the the ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity .
she is after icd placement with episodes of heart rate firing .
he also reports intermittant cough shortness of breath on exertion over the same time period .
additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix by vein .
they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2-2.5 liters ) and heparinization for his atrial fibrillation .
possibly going for high - - - heart disease - high - - - - high - - will trend cardiac enzymes enzymes enzymes until until . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - high dose statin - will trend cardiac enzymes until peak .
in the emergency department , a central line was urgently placed .
insulin insulin - drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1 with with reasonable glucose control .
throuhgout his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored .
on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid .
given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired lung infection , though aspiration pneumonia remained on the differential .
he was successfully extubated on 11-4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures .
he underwent a body on 1-11 which showed strep pneumo .
she was evaluated by surgery , with review of body films with radiology , and felt not to have lung .
acute kidney failure : the patient 's serum creatinine was elevated to 1.9 at outside hospital from a baseline 0.9 .
on 2141-8-30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation .
there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound .
# high blood pressure : intravenous , heparin gtt transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) .
patient reports using 600-1200mg of advil , alleve on top of advil .
he was also started on digoxin at the outside hospital for his heart rate and was also started on amiodarone .
patient then underwent an heart on 2170-11-27 which demonstrated no blood clot and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery stenosis .
she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure .
atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but nesynephrine was required to avoid unde heart rate .
lack of red blood cells : proportion of red blood cells was 31 on the last day .
patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home .
known lastname 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems .
international normalized ratio trough was obtained on 2167-2-8 and was withion target range ( 17 ) .pulmonary consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended pulmonary rehab .
heart blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin .
he went to the emergency department with dr first name4 last name .
8-7 : exam exam worsens , ( + ) pain pain , ( + ) rebound .
dehydration : patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low by mouth ( per os ) intake and later on with abundant diarrhea .
international normalized ratio was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay .
patient was put on a ciwa scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay .
she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139-1-24 .
the body revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a sphincterotomy was performed , and sludge was extracted .
in the emergency room he was found to have a proportion of of of proportion of red blood cells .
he also has essential thrombocytosis which is associated with increased white blood cells counts in situations of inflammatory stress .
his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 .
the patient had complications of pancreatitis , duodenal stump leak and stricture .
he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness .
80 years old female with history of of stroke from cerebral amyloid angiopathy who presents with lung x 1 week .
* * as a note , the patient 's lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his lung pleural effusions .
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 1.3 and he was sent for a heart with pe protocol which was indeterminate for heart due to motion artifact but did not show in in the aortoiliac or pelvic veins .
the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro nitro for chest pain .
he has recieved 11 units of packed red blood cells , 2 of red blood cells , and 4 of of bicarb for a ph of 6.7 .
with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below-knee popliteal bypass .
her symptoms were felt to be secondary to high blood pressure , antiemetics were held and the patient 's headache treated with tylenol as needed .
no chest pain , blurry vision , diarrhea , sick , sick .
started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house .
she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening renal failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3.0 , almost no urine output , and liver function tests in the 7,000s .
she was discharged home to follow-up with dr. last name 957 in clinic .
at the outside hospital , concern was for aspiration lung infection ( body demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe lung ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) .
heart electrical activity detection showed preserved lvef with hypokinetic inferior wall in the rca territory .
his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge .
5 ) high blood pressure : well controlled with poor eating -- recent of red blood cells of 6.6 -- continue lantus , sliding scale , care given poor by mouth .
an heart showed a severely enlarged lv at 6.3cm with an ejection of 55 % and an heart artery valve area of 0.7cm2 .
as patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg ( the dose ( ( the dose she the dose she the ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal .
baseline in 60s-70s during the day .
71 year old female with history of , etoh who who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess .
heparin bolused and patient begun in ed as patient has missed am fondux .
we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural thrombus formation .
the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago .
the patient was started on broad spectrum abx that were narrowed appropriately .
known lastname 26890 was admitted to outside hospital from clinic for increasing shortness of breath .
known lastname notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling havingness of breath .
seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care .
she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease .
no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and inr/albumin were preserved .
however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized .
she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor .
he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to fluctuate , though it overall improved .
he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration .
bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without tamponade of the bleeding .
known lastname 44908 is a 82 year-old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain .
she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior .
patient is an 81 yo man w/ h/o avr , 1v cabg , recurrent falls over last few months , multiple pnas , initially admitted on 9-30 with fuo and diffuse lymphadenopathy .
iron studies in month ( only ) low blood cells low iron , elevated ferritin .
she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation .
# high blood pressure : patient has significant risk factors for heart disease , given heart disease , peripheral vascular disease , long smoking history , high blood pressure , etc .
he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
on 2137-3-1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr. last name and underwent a heart artery x 3 with left artery to the left artery artery , left to the artery artery , and svg to the heart artery .
* lung infection bacteremia : patient found to have infected r. subclavian line with 4/4 blood cultures ( + ) for for infection infection .
confirms ah telling her to wreak vengeance on herself .
patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or epistaxis .
at outside hospital on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his av fistula .
known lastname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118-9-13 for surgical management of his heart artery artery valve disease .
since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available .
her blood pressure was 80/40 and blood pressure was in the 50 's .
on 9-8 code status was discussed w/ patient patient 's wife and extended family members present .
intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen .
there was also moderate mitral with with moderate mitral regurgitation .
she resentd with recurrent belly pain initiall thought to be low blood pressure .
# high blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the emergency department without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling fearful , paranoid and unsafe to go home .
crohn 's disease : patient is multiple multiple surgeries with short gut and an ileostomy on chronic tpn .
high blood pressure : low blood pressure likely in part due to early low blood pressure ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from c. difficile infection requiring aggressive ivf resuscitation and brief low blood pressure admission .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history .
the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and cardiopulmonary resuscitation was begun .
the patient is a 45-year-old male with cryptogenic cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c , , , , , , , , , , , , and and andes and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , ascites , sbp , hepatorenal syndrome and grade i esophageal varices .
of note , her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar/mediastinal/supraclavicular nodes .
heart showed severe aortic insufficiency with a preserved fraction .
for surgical details , please see seperate dictated operative note .
the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical surgical intensive care unit for hourly flap checks .
his blood pressure prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were blood pressure in the 120 's and blood pressure in the 80 's .
she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with intravenous intravenous .
in the emergency department , diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized .
he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
80 with with multiple medical problems , including high blood pressure , high blood pressure , pvd , dm2 , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated wbc , some nausea today with poor by mouth ( ( os ) intake who was found to have gpc bacteremia and nstemi on 9-17. .
chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on path .
her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median .
a pulmunary embolism was noted on the admission body scan .
at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid .
her mental status and oxygen improved as her international normalized ratio normalized .
on postoperative days , he denies pain other than his baseline msk complaints .
51 f with history significant for lung disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160-9-10 for lung disease exacerbation .
multiple multiple medical medical medical medical medical medicale 69e failure failure failure failure failure failure failure requiring intubation who was most recently back to the micu on 1 - 3 with increased with increased with increased and decreased mild respiratory , concerning for symptoms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . admissions for problemname 115 respiratory function including repiratory arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the respiratory failure failure failure including intubation arrest requiring intubation who was most recently back back back to the on 1-3 with increased secretions and decreased functional respiratory failure failure including requiring requiring intubation arrest requiring intubation who was most recently back back to the micu on 1 - 3 with increased associated and decreased reserve , concerning for neurologic induced weakness .
on day 7 , she was dc'ed to home in stable condition after cvl removal without incident .
she was taken to the hospital1 18 er for evaluation by emergency department .
further evaluation included pulmonary consultation given his severe lung lung .
# cancer thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain , bone , lungs .
anal manometry study was performed 1-17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation .
his breathing status improved with oxygen saturations of 96-99 % on room air from requiring 3-4lnc .
they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given patient 's kindey function .
the paramedics noted a blood pressure in the 70 's which responded to ivf .
she was started on treatment for lung infection with midodrine and octreotide .
he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent body which revealed body and bleeding from right side colon .
a recent chest chest x - ray ( chest with dr . last name55 her symptoms are her symptoms are more that will for primary lung disease disease disease disease for primary lung disease disease disease . disease disease . disease disease . disease . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and spirometry with dr. last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease .
his chest tubes were discontinued without without complication .
discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to cmo [ comfort measures only ] .
she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper extremity against gravity .
# diabetes mellitus : he was discharged home on a regimen of by - - - 12-10 .
on 2136-5-29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction .
body of the head on 10-30 was reviewed and was negative for body .
by this time her body wound cultures from 2168-3-2 confirmed 'beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin per per per per per per per id recommendations .
a blood culture resulted on 10-2 and showed blood cells 's in 3-26 bottles .
she was readmitted on 11-18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at outside hospital in association with belly pain .
70 yo man with remote hx ugib , known diverticulosis who presented with brbpr at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in-house with significant hct drop 1 ) lower gi bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes brbpr ( 7-9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have hct drop from 41 -- > 36.6 as well as syncopal episode .
# high blood pressure : npo for now with ivf until deemed stable .
an body was not performed at this time due to risk of herniation with the present sdh .
she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to euthermia and subsequently transferred to the floor .
blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt gtt .
he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit .
she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan .
maternal history was significant for blood pressure which was self- resolved .
her headaches sound consistent with intracranial body given their positional nature and suggest continued csf leak and symptomatic pseudomeningocele .
cancer ca : ongoing chemo and last name ( lf ) 16859 , first name3 ( ) ) oncology .
patient on pentobarb coma - no corneals , gag or motor response to pain at that time .
chronic failure exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and iv solumedrol on admission and required bipap .
# altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 .
initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hrs of high-dose steroids .
he initially required pressor support but has improved from a intensive care unit perspective and was called out to the floor .
he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a st .
right hallux -- during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment .
known lastname known lastname is the former 2.395 kg product of a 35-5/7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22-year-old g1 p0 woman .
records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s-130s/40s-60s .
he will follow-up at hospital1 112 with dr. last name 32963 .
she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva .
he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and left arm .
7.22/41/294/18 , so rate rate rate was increased to 22 .
# stage iii nsclc with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone , prn oxycodone .
he was emergently taken to the operating room for a body burr holes for evacuation of his subdurals .
baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant , born by cesarean section for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery .
he was started on zyvox 4 days prior to this presentation .
a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2-12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation .
6-7 : afebrile , fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent diarrhea .
because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a body head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral bleeding but no evidence of intracranial , , or or ischemia .
the emergency service service was consulted , and per their recs the patient received iv dextran , vitamin b12 injections , folate , epogen 20,000 units three times per week .
47 yo m presented with 8/10 mid-sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital .
known lastname 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124-5-30 and taken to the operating room for t12-l5 release through an anterior approach .
this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7 , using a pig-tail catheter .
# shortness of breath - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath .
it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds .
the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions .
he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort .
the wound vac dressing was last changed 11-8 , the pt was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home .
she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever .
54 yo male ' 'd from hospital1 18 with lung infection of blood filtering on 9-10 returns 9-11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening edema from from outside hospital and rehab .
he remained asymptomatic despite his blood pressure and continued to maintain good blood pressure .
over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four .
38 yo f w/hx of type i dm , gastroparesis requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to ed on 4-11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( `` unable to measure '' by glucometer ) , + polyuria , + polydipsia , nausea with emesis , and headache .
after this , his proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the next 3 days .
patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days .
known lastname past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , status post pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous fistula in the perineum .
heart catheterization done on 7-19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the heart artery artery and 99 % rca and a small but normal circumflex .
at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 u lantus each night , with 3 u pre-prandial humalog .
# elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as blood clot though more likely is pancreatitis , no nausea , vomiting , some epigastric tenderness , could be pancreatitis caused by medications , or potential autoimmune .
he developed kidney syndrome ( blood cell 6.0 , international normalized ratio 7.0 and t.bili 52 ) and contrast nephropathy .
he was admitted to the intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue ( le ulcer ) and lung infection sources ( aspiration lung infection ) .
upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the emergency department the patient reported 3-25 chest pain and his heart electrical activity detection was notable for st depressions in v1-v3 .
she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and high blood pressure inhibitor .
she has a follow up appointment with dr. last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160-6-17. .
however , 1-2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and shortness of breath .
the body scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute .
she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with shortness of breath and increased oxygen requirement .
please see dr.name 81819 for for full detail .
high blood pressure : kidney - - improved - improved with free bowel to 1 liter . to 1 liter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter .
2 ) lung lung disease : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus low blood pressure and mild oxygen requirement , a chest chest was obtained , which revealed a lung lung embolism .
she will have a repeat chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) and patient 's in one month to monitor her lung function once by mouth treatment has finished .
the patient was weaned off sedation on postoperative days # 2 .
before he got a chance to take his high-dose prednisone , he decided to come to the emergency department .
given the risk of high blood pressure with oral anticoagulation in amyloid angiiopathy , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention .
name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids .
diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized .
# acid/base status : / status : 7.16/50/75/19 , ag 13 on day of admission .
she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first inr draw will be monday 2-24 with international normalized ratio goal 2.5-3.5 for mechanical mitral valve .
there was a question of fournier 's gangrene of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the emergency department .
lung was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while tube tube is in place .
sputum recultured from 2113-8-6 is growing gnr , unspeciated at this point .
this improved when his diuresis was halted and he has remained relatively without without supplemental lasix .
her heart electrical activity detection showed sinus heart but was otherwise normal .
she underwent repeat by bloody by body which demonstrated an actively oozing which which was treated with cautery .
with high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure and h/o ruptured male who presented with chest pain this a.m. and was found to have an inferior stemi with total occlusion of rca .
# left ethmoid by : with with rx with resection/radiation in past ; recent recurrence rx'ed with resection .
tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 tid to 100 qid , with caution regarding bp ( mostly sbp 100-130 ) and concern for potential to throw a clot if converted to sinus given not anticoagulating in setting of gi bleed .
# lung infection : possible sources of infection included lung infection , vs rectovag fistual vs meningitis resulting in a septic picute .
during the time in the emergency department , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
5 days ago patient experienced 12-31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , assocaiated with mild lower lower pain pain .
we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change .
post catheterization she had an heart balloon pump placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring .
at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an international normalized inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 3953 .
initially patient , he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride .
he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head which which showed a left left which ble bleed ; his blood pressure on presentation were were were ' s / 100s ( s / 100s ( treated with iv labllllllllllllll which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190's/110s ( treated there with blood pressure labetolol ) .
postoperative days # 4 patient cleared for home with services .
vascular saw the emergency department and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure .
patient received leukophoresis , and white blood cells with proportion of red blood cells decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand .
she will have this followed up by her cardiologist .
a blood vessel was performed on 8-6 , and he was transferred to the intensive care unit following the procedure .
we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved low blood cells count .
she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right ventriculostomy drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions .
he remained in medical intensive care unit and was discharged to home with visiting care care care care services on postoperative days # 5 .
since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped .
the patient saw his primary care physician in the office and received an blood pressure which was reported as being abnormal .
mr.known lastname 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes .
high - - - restart - restarted lisinopril , intravenous once proportion of red blood cells was stable .
patient was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head showed showed a positive subarachnoid hemorrhage and bifrontal contusion .
doctor was consulted in emergency department who recommended bringing down his blood pressure , transfusing as needed , and egd once stablilized .
a repeat body scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung .
endocrine was consulted and they rec 'd synthroid 50 , and outpatient at location at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990 .
iron deficiency anemia : he was noted to have iron deficiency anemia and treated with iv iron replacement in the hospital .
at this point , her body scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation .
she underwent an body which showed moderate lung edema .
post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit .
given no lung on bal , did not cover staph lung ( mrsa ) .
in the emergency department , initial vital signs signs were : blood pressure : 97.9 , blood pressure : 70 70 blood pressure : 197/122 , heart rate : 14
# high blood pressure : attributed to his underlying parkinson 's and dementia .
this is a 71-year-old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain .
after receiving the diazepam in the emergency department , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect .
he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg by mouth and 100 mg by at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip .
postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring .
he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university/college 23633 on 2108-6-11 .
serum asa , acetmnphn , intravenous , tricyc negative .
overnight on 1-11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with by mouth dilaudid .
extubated early the following morning in sr on indulin and neo drips .
in the ambulance , had runs of heart rate on and off with heart rate .
doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle cerebral artery which raised the question of severe fetal anemia .
she will follow up with dr. last name 497 on 2176-9-13. .
during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical/thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago .
she states her mother 's mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1-22 .
foley catheter was d/c 'd , as was her central line .
by the time of discharge on postoperative * * * * the patient was patient freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal the in setting of recent by mouth use .
on postoperative days # 1 she was started on betablockade , lasix and statin therapy .
heart heart artery and lead extraction on 2109-11-19 , patient has remained heart blood pressure stable , heart rate , no signs of systemic infection .
the procedure was done via the right radial approach .
they recommended lantus 14 u qhs and humalog sliding scale , as well as metformin .
a heart catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with angioplasty .
doctor was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171-9-4 for orif .
she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin gtt .
work-up included body ultrasound and liver body per above .
74-year-old right-handed woman with a history of right-sided superior mca stroke and right-sided sdh presents with left-sided facial droop , left-sided upper and lower extremity weakness in a umn pattern , left-sided neglect , and left-sided extinction to double touch .
she was given lasix 80mg iv , po mucomyst , placed on a non-rebreather and had a pe protocol ct. she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153. .
he then had a bleeding scan which was negative .
patient was discharged with instructions to return for echocardiogram within one week of discharge , to see pcp in followup for chemistries and blood ( while on indomethacin ) within one week , and to return to see dr. first name8 last name in in within two weeks to review echocardiogram results .
he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so was consulted was consulted .
fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his ms improved .
patient is a 72 years old male with history of of heart disease , heart disease , heart disease with stent leg ( ?
he was admitted to the intensive care unit for further monitoring .
she was seen by psych on 2187-8-23 and started on olanzapine 2.5mg hospital1 with improvement .
patient had flat jvp and warm extremities , no evidence of swelling .
the following morning ( 7-13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with bp 80/40 and was anuric .
post procedure blood pressure pressure went went pressure went drom 15- > 10 pericardial pressure from 15- > 3 .
74-year-old m with hx htn , papillary renal cell ca s/p resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal pancreatetomy with splenectomy for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123-11-1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and unsteadiness .
the patient is a 45 year-old years 5 1 1 , last menstrual period 2131-7-11 who presented with severe high blood pressure and dysfunctional uterine bleeding .
with initiation of blood pressure / blood pressure and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask .
his hospital course by systems until the events on 12-13 is as
# high blood pressure : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new heart event vs. recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems vs. with post - - with post-ictal state vs. toxic-metabolic .
another ct of the body was done on 1-25 showing increased and and perisplenic ascites .
anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response .
admitted to medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg by x 1 .
after stabilizing in intensive care unit , off blood pressure and on doing well on he he was sent to the medicine floor .
the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission .
patient 's management at outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a cr bump from 1.1 to 2.7 , thought possibly to be 3-20 contrast nephropathy from lung on 3-18 .
also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal .
in the emergency department , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature .
this was thought to be iatrogenic 1-15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for heart disease .
heart electrical activity detection demonstrated persistent heart elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior ekg 's , and with as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as well .
csf hsv and vdrl pending at time of transfer .
the patient was extubated on 2112-7-16 , postoperative days # 2 , without event .
heart electrical activity detection performed 1-1 showed no evidence of infection .
known lastname ' long history of prednisone for high blood pressure , in context of heart rate and shortness of breath associated with these episodes .
the patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg/min gtt .
high blood pressure : patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having heart rate pacer .
74 years old f with an extensive smoking history , patient not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with lung disease exacerbation , and found to have nstemi on admission .
the patient 's chief complaint was right flank pain .
at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation .
she was treated empirically with vanc/zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge .
she has not been on any prolonged trips , had any recent surgeries , been immobilized recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one .
she denied any belly pain and had a benign abdominal exam .
does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was previosly evaluated by his doctor .
he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip .
heart electrical activity detection did not show peaked t waves , but rate was 130-150s , heart rate , heart , st , i , avl , ii , v4-6 .
years with metastatic lung lung with with mets to brain admitted with lung of blood disease .
a total of 40 u of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of blood cells .
she was given by mouth for treatment of her asa overdose as per protocol .
for management of her rib fractures pain control and patient toilet have been the primary goal .
# lack of blood cells : patient 's k was repleted in setting of high blood pressure use & withdrawal .
amiodarone is known to rarely cause pancreatitis ; the patient 's amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge .
when his vision did not return he went to the emergency department where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 's .
the infant emerged with a good cry , was dried , bulb suctioned and given blow-by oxygen to maintain pink color .
kidney disease : patient with history of of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month/day ( 3 ) 54267 .
acute lung infection : pt p/w belly pain , leukocytosis , and low-grade fever at her rehab .
iron studies revealed normal iron level , tibc of 263 , ferritin 308 .
# kidney on kidney : she was continued on international - - with with goal to remove excess fluid with uf .
he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder .
afterwards , a hematoma under the left pectoralis , which was thought to be related to the manipulation .
a subdural drain was placed in the emergency department and leveled at shoulder .
her coumadin was held , but her patient did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional intravenous vitamin k with good response of her with .
she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath breath .
this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be choking .
per rehab notes , patient with low-grade fever on 9-23 , pancultured , cxr with bibasilar atelectasis .
from a patient standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask .
the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , right lobe hepatocellular carcinoma , status post radiofrequency ablation on 2154-5-1 who presents for for a liver transplant in a.m .
was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient 's cardiologist dr. last name 5686. .
the patient was admitted on 6-14 for body and resection of a duodenal mass .
patient were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized .
an body of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve .
during her stay in the intensive care unit , patient recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving , likely ambisome .
years old with high blood pressure , h/o obesity now s/p bypass causing anemia requiring iv iron q3months , and h/o svt in the past presents with sob and leg swelling .
three days later on 2121-10-12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872 .
throughout the operating room , the patient remained stable stable and afebrile .
infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin .
# lung disease : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe lung lung and chronic disease exacerbation .
she also has a positive troponin , but had no heart electrical activity detection or heart electrical activity detection changes and no heart electrical activity detection was given due to the heart .
18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service c/o abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey .
a torso body scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable .
male with heart disease non-ischemic dilated heart disease ( 20 20 20 20 % ) , high blood pressure , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse since 2-13 .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , patient 's vital were 97.7 , blood pressure 96 , blood pressure 137/72 , rr 15 , 98 % room .
was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no body of bleeding found .
transplant team pulled his catheter line and tip was sent for culture .
review of body abdomen by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for lung infection .
there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks .
he was noted to have decompensated dilated with with a heart electrical activity detection showing 3+ mitral with with an ejection of 15-20 % .
due to concern for high clot burden in upper upper lung , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin .
the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by heart for potential mitral valvuloplasty as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this .
he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with low blood pressure decreasing slightly .
hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness .
her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re-explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially of bowel .
fen-previous electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with low blood pressure and low blood pressure including hypovolemic low blood pressure and loss of bicarb in diarrhea .
during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite .
on 7-13 he was noted with increasing and and lipase ; body was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening hemorrhagic collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was time with an an of ~6 ) .
name is a 49 year-old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years .
bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on chest - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
she was given blow-by o2 and facial swelling .
the ed consulted cardiology , who were not surprised by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / tachycardia in a patient with known cad ; they recommended trending the troponin and ecg ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling sbp < 140 and hr < 80 with iv mtp ; possible stress test .
patient was given 40 iv lasix with minimal response .
patient was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor and the jp drain was ' d 'd .
patient had low , , heparin was dc 'd .
high blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery .
in the emergency department on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and shortness of breath .
his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive .
will continue at current dose , recheck as blood pressure as outpatient .
the right coronary artery had 90 % heart artery just before getting off the posterior descending artery .
he was closely followed by heart disease , pulmonary , and blood pressure .
# high blood pressure : patient had elevated heart rate , in setting of severe high blood pressure , high blood pressure 17-20s .
of note in her primary care physician office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement .
age over 90 f cad heart disease ( s/p cabg 2165 ) , chf ( ef 40 % ) , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , ckd stage iv , and h/o distant breast cancer who presented to the emergency department with worsening lower back pain .
following surgery she was brought to the intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
it also showed an anteroapical ischemia that was new .
89 year old russian speaking male with cad s/p cabg in 2169 , medically managed nstemi 9-/2182 , afib ( not on coumadin ) , tachy/brady syndrome s/p dual chamber ppm 2175 , dm , chf ( ef 45-50 % ) , and pvd who presented to the hospital1 18 ed with progressive sob over the last 3 days .
discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted .
50 y/o f with no significant blood pressure who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with blood blood pressure .
she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function .
all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination .
proportion of red blood pressure continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on body .
of note , she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the the for her macular degeneration .
high blood pressure : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated .
repeat body scan showed fluid around the aortic graft .
she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
also being treated for lung infection ( vanc/cefepime/flagyl for lung infection ( for for 8 days ) .
target under ldl 70 , but at 78 and this was not perfect non-fasting level .
she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a cxr next week .
known lastname 107587 is an 84-year-old man with hoarseness and left vocal cord paralysis .
he had a chest chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) demonstrating his known pleural effuion but no infiltrates .
blood blood cells was avoided out of concern for worsening lung .
bacteria speciation and sensitivies showed pseudomonas oxytoca sensitive to amp/sulbactam .
with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and proportion of red blood cells beginning to trend back to normal by discharge .
she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home .
lastname lastname 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from hospital after persistent cholangitis/biliary obstruction known known lastname stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common hepatic duct extending to hilum .
by emergency medical medical medical medical service ( report ) report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces , apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week .
a head body was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head ct 's .
while on the floor floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitro nitro .
catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 38 % .
the patient reports a month long period of exertional swelling manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback , relieved with rest .
on depakote at outside hospital , but seizure history unclear .
right lower body ultrasound was limited due to patient 's contractures , but no obvious swelling .
during his stay , a tube tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings .
patient 's vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication .
subsequent body did not reveal any evidence of pericardial effusion .
they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an eeg , b12 and multivitamin .
it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild shortness of breath , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing .
pt told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , pt was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his pcp and asking him/her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management further .
went back to operating room ( ak operating operating operating room foralal and for sternal washout and closure on postoperative days # 2 .
61 y/o m with past multiple myeloma treated with chemo and xrt , multiple hospital admissions for pneumonia in recent months , now admitted on 7-5 for lower extremity paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , c/b upper extremity dvt , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now s/p biopsy .
following patient the patient had several episodes of low blood pressure , one of which necessitated transfer to the intensive care unit .
# heart disease : paroxysmal history known on history with heart heart rate and low blood pressure during intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and high blood pressure as well as initiation of amiodarone .
in 7-3 , patient complained of shortness of breath / belly pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 icu due to her breathing distress from lung infection aspiration lung infection .
she has subsequently developed symptoms of shortness of breath with lung swelling , five pound weight , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath .
he subsequently went into low blood pressure secondary to septic shock , with elevated createnine and oliguria .
# high blood pressure : the patient was diagnosed with aml on high - - - - , and has tolerated 7+3 therapy without complaint .
consider cardiology follow-up as outpatient given body finding of intracardiac shunt
liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
of note , patient spiked to 198/96 during this episode , but trended down to 160's/90 's .
last year , was at location 38 at which time started celexa , buspar , and haldol .
he was transferred to the cardiac surgery recovery unit on levophed , milirone , epinephrine , and vasopressin with iabp .
reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an body on 2103-12-24 which
hence she was put on cpap for some time .
review of review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath , shortness of breath , ankle shortness of breath , syncope or presyncope .
sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to cipro and therefore zosyn was discontinued .
doctor was consulted and emergently placed an catheter line and initiated intravenous with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity .
an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any sign of mass or bleed .
body was done to r/o body noting no evidence of acute lung , or acute heart .
physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning .
name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his primary care physician ( primary care provider ( primary care provider ) regarding his pt/inr levels .
heart heart with heart rate : new onset during this admission .
of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here .
on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke , heart disease , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , short stool , black stools or red stools .
given heart enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until hemodynamics stabilized .
her heart function is stable with a preserved heart at 60-65 % , no significant valvular abnormality .
her creatinine initially improved with diuresis but her diuresis limit was reached and she became low blood pressure .
high - - - patient patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at-home by mouth dose .
the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for diuresis .
he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department .
the mass was biopsied and revealed an adenoma with high grade dysplasia .
for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay .
for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin gtt and coumadin by mouth .
2191-7-31 remains in intensive care unit , , slightly sedated , intubated-weaning to cpap , then as tolerated .
while in the emergency department he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic/clonic , generlized , with face deviating to the left , looked like grand-mal , brief ) .
the family was not comfortable making her cmo on holiday .
this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency department arrived .
there her proportion of red blood cells were stable and a 3 way foley was placed .
on transfer to the intensive care unit the patient denied any current symptoms .
atrial fibrillation with heart rate : heart rate to 150s in the emergency department , given 10mg by by mouth dilt x 2 and 30mg by mouth dilt with some response ( systolic blood pressure decreased to 120s ) .
the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty .
the procedure was successful , with recanalization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small in the in the right pca which was not flow limiting .
and and and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 glasses , but did not have them with him during this admission .
she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic .
she was initially admitted there on 2170-5-9 directly from the office for workup of ascites .
after a few minutes became became completely non-responsive and was intubated by anesthesia .
the patient is a 3120 g , 38-week , male , born to a 36-year-old , gravida 3 , para 12 , female .
for the first several days he was placed in a halo and given morphine for pain control .
the body were reviewed with the radiologists , id team , and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection/infectious infection was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) .
a comprehensive workup for reversible etiologies was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , hiv , cmv , ebv , b12 , hepatitis b , hepatitis c , serum lead , rheumatoid factor , doctor first name , crp , esr , hcg , lft , spep , upep , and csf-pep .
this study was limited by gado so they perform another body .
on exam , she was responding `` yah `` to all questions .
transferred to floor , then after id consult , decision was made to intravenous levaquin as well , with plan of ofo of of vanco after her central line ' d . .
as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the icu team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation , compounded by an increase in secretions due to lung [ ventilator-associated lung ] , the decision was made to proceed to trach and peg .
catheter placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin .
after the operation , he was brought to the intensive care unit on minimal inotropic support .
his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge .
the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse .
the catheterization showed double occlusion of heart artery artery , no intervention was done .
it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal .
# cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs nash cirrhosis complicated by esophagel , gastric , and rectal varices .
he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the cardiac surgery in in stable condition .
of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis .
she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course .
in each case , the patient was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions , after which she came back into into .
known lastname 496 presented to hospital via ambulance from group home for evaluation of belly pain chest pain chest x x x days x 6 days .
of note patient was recently discharged from outside hospital in 4-29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status .
her last stress test was a heart electrical activity detection in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects .
her fevers are likely related to her hiv and possibly her medications .
entamoeba histolytica antibody was also sent given her body and body findings and was still pending at time of discharge .
patient was in his usual state of health until 2193-12-27 when he developed rectal bleeding .
known lastname last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive esophagectomy on 11-11 for high grade dysplasia of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed barrett 's esophagus with no malignancy .
his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by emergency department , in which they diagnosed him with likely diabetes type 2 .
high blood pressure : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home .
home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued .
a blood blood blood was positive , but given the kidney failure , he only underwent body that did not demonstrate evidence of blood clot .
he was seen by emergency department and felt safe to go to rehab .
the patient had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding .
she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow-up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative urinary tract .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , vital 99.8 140 136/60 26 96 % , oxygen : 93 .
in the emergency department , he was stable stable ( heart rate ) and blood pressure to 100 's .
he has a history of mva/tbi/l craniotomy 18 years ago , with subsequent temproparietal cva with right sided residual weakness & expressive r .
a cat scan done at another hospital showed hemo-peritoneum around the sigmoid colon .
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit for ongoing blood pressure given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional blood pressure .
the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of hypoparathyroidism secondary to a parathyroid adenoma and papillary thyroid cancer , status post total thyroidectomy and right superior parathyroidectomy on 2160-9-30 , who recovered well but whose course was complicated by parathyroid studding with hypocalcemia .
12-27 : increased pain regimen 12-29 : tolerated a regular diet 1-2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal , with no evidence of contrast extravasation .
the patient 's worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass .
intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated atrial fibrillation , but these were controlled with medication alone .
she had no return of low blood pressure while on the general medical floors .
she moved him to the floor and started cpr .
his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6-7mg daily .
and heel osteo on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204-12-2 .
he was transferred back to intensive care unit , , was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to lung lung .
the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170-9-19 .
body showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5-2 .
no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493 .
pertussis culture/serology , influenza a/b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge .
vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated .
on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke , blood clot , deep venous thrombosis , lung embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , hemoptysis .
please follow up with a repeat ua at the end of fluconazole course .
in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by by vein lasix .
she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain .
was eventually converted to nasal cannula from blood pressure after better oxygen saturation .
body clear , no bleed , uvula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction .
a nonocclusive ic was found in the left popliteal vein-mid r sfv .
she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the intensive care unit and was no longer in tripod position but still with a rr in the high 30s and using accessory muscles .
she recently underwent angioplasty of the left artery stent on 2118-1-19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating/drinking until about 3 days ago , when she developed vague abdominal discomfort , distension , and nausea with intake of solid foods .
# : : : : patient but okay to intubate confirmed with son .
the initial streptococcus pneumonia bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , tetracycline , trimethoprim/sulfa , and vancomycin .
- continue soft diet for 3 days - continue by mouth 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg qd .
antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative .
he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on postoperative days day two for further monitoring .
42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate/valium overdose .
the patient was discharged home with visiting care care care care services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions .
also had 3-25 episodes of coffee-ground emesis and continues to feel nauseous .
kidney function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive ventilatory defect ( fev1 .86 , fvc1 .78 ) .
89 year old gentleman with history of heart disease on coumadin , presented with status status status post - status status post post post - status status , chf by hospital infection , new chf pneumonia , new atrial atrial atrial fibrillation / mass on ct and and and . and and and and and and and and and and . status-post evacuation , complicated by hospital acquired lung , lung disease exacerbation , new atrial thrombus/mass on on and delirium .
he was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with ffp .
she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased intake ( per os ) intake .
the patient rose today , however , and an abdominal body was planned , but the patient became acutely breathing , shortness of breath , and patient this morning .
he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain systolic blood pressure 's under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home by mouth regimen .
she has had 30 cc/2hr of blood pressure after arival on the floor .
patient began to exfoliative , from the face downward .
he had a waxing and waining level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain .
source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve .
chest tubes and wires were dc 'd without incident .
the patient states that when the patient fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine .
ceftriaxone was changed to cipro for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that .
the evening prior ( 2-18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened .
she was weaned off of any pressors by post - operative day three and started on beta blockers .
his initial revealed revealed st depression in heart , heart , and v2-v5 with afib , heart rate was .33 ; afib has since resolved , st changes now read as non-specific .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , he was hemodynamically unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth .
known firstname known lastname 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of mvr on coumadin , dchf ( ef 55 % ) , and copd on 3l nc who presents to the ed from pulmonology clinic with significant hypoxia with exertion ( 73 % on 3l nc ) .
patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound leucoytosis and transient alopecia and asked to follow up with primary care provider ( .
also with frequent intermittent infection , completing a dose of bactrim today .
anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin .
in the name , patient was reportedly comfortable .
she was discharged to rehab in 2135-4-5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of belly pain and worsening hematuria .
he also had shortness of breath , chills but no sick .
on discharge the patient was patient , non-neutropenic , without signs of infection other than a mild cough .
blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer .
while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was hypotensive to 90s/60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible lung infection .
# pain : from left flank lesion/fall and superficial wounds .
2171-4-12 : patient spike 103 , patient started , aline ne , ngt changed to ogt .
overnight into 2-12 she was febrile to 102.1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice .
anti-inflammatory ect , and for mortality benefits ) , by mouth 325 mg was restarted in on on admission .
known lastname 72441 was initially kept strictly npo due to his suspected aspiration lung infection .
she also received doxycycline while tick-borne serologies were pending .
per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication .
she was continued on antibiotics ( amp-sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances .
his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day .
has had several sets of heart electrical activity detection enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , v1-v4 which were new from prior ekg done in 2103-5-29 .
he was worked-up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and heart function testing .
she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by by who recommended rehab .
he had low suspicion for heart disease ( negative heart ) , and had an heart electrical activity detection that showed relatively well preserved cardiac function .
marked clinical deterioration- clinically today had right sided dense hemiparesis , mild neglect and visual field cut on l. during patient received fentanyl and versed , per nurses verbal report .
her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her blood pressure .
on 7-25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7-26 .
the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to heart rate .
* cough : patient had a dry cough on admission , which ecame more severe during hospital stay .
kidney failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , patient was 66 with was of 21 .
the body showed a focus of hyperintensity in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left centrum semiovale consistent with either subacute infarct vs metastatic lesion .
hep c viral load 55,000,000. per osh records , his haart was held upon admission to osh 2-17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that haart regimen could be causing liver failure ( pt was briefly treated with solumedrol for reconstitution at osh , but this was discontinued upon his admission ) .
appointment scheduled with dr. last name 1940. .
electrolyte labs revealed some low blood pressure which was felt to be secondary to respiratory respiratory in the setting of low blood pressure .
emergency in in doctor in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover mva , questionable loc , rue injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , tourniquet placed on scene ; ; reports placing r r against window as rollover occurred
in the emergency department , he was given 6.5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin .
the patient 's plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient 's last percutaneous intervention .
89 year-old male with a past medical history of bioprosthetic avr , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim , whose airway was never compromised , was observed in the icu overnight and then called out for further management of last name .
71 yo male with history of of of of of mm ( iiia kappa ) s/p with with relapse , paf , subdural hematoma who presents with hypoxia and altered mental status .
he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility .
he was admitted to the medical icu intensive care unit , on iv fluid rescusitation , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and iv fentanyl for pain .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 outside hospital where blood pressure > 200,000 and creatinine 3.0 with blood blood blood +blood , no blood blood pressure , +muddy brown casts .
per his parents , his voice is more nasal , as well as slurred and much softer .
he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions .
continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with postoperative on postoperative days # 4 .
initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157 .
he denies belly pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning .
chronic lung disease exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed lung disease exacerbation .
in addition he will with with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus anginosus ( milleri ) bacteremia .
his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % .
known lastname is a 79-year-old man with a history of dm2 , esrd on hd , htn , hyperlipidemia who presented with aphasia and right face/arm/leg weakness , found to have a l mca stroke from likely embolic source , transfered to icu for possible pna management and subsequent trach/peg on 2-6 .
the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2-10 a mile .
he underwent continuous video eeg montioring throughout most of his hospital course .
an ir guided gj tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient 's unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past .
breathing distress - on 10-29 patient was noted to be low blood pressure at 36/m w/ oxygen sat 90 % 4l/m nc which prompted a trigger .
he did not mount a reflex tachycardia from this probably because he was beta-blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home .
on the morning of 7-12 she experinced repeat by blood pressure followed by by by .
heart electrical activity detection show twi v3-v6 and inferior leads , st depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of st depression in inf leads .
blood clot was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her gi tract as much as possible .
patient was triggered for heart rate on arrival to heart rate 70 ( baseline in 90s ) .
history of , prostate cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital ed earlier today when he had acute onset of chest , shortness of breath and back pain occurring simultaneously .
the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her primary care physician and oncologist .
acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from blood secondary to hemophilus influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination .
however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator .
a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family , medical intensive care care care unit , , neurology and palliative care .
the patient was found in the bed by his wife , choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission .
infant emerged blue , and limp with little respiratory effort .
patient states that his catheter catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysate and only getting 1l fluid out .
# low - - - - likely from all of his lactulose , but given recent low grade fever and multiple urinary tract , a c was was negative .
at hospital6 33 , he received 13.5 units of packed red blood cells .
- - - - - - - - female with h / o depression , s / p disease , s / p disease as s / p p intubation , s / p intubation for airway airway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - 19 old female with h/o depression , high blood pressure drug overdose as suicide attempt , s/p intubation for airway protection .
transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of proportion of red blood cells during admission
additionally , she received chest chest chest chest and was started on on steroids steroids in setting of of and persistent cough with sputum with sputum with sputum . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of emphysema and persistent cough with sputum production .
heart electrical activity detection was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked .
he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his was was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl nitro and versed for sedation .
# heart shock : source is e. coli uti 1-29 prostatomegaly .
this was thought likely to be due to high blood pressure given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep-wake cycle , infection , and concern for possible seizures given myoclonic movements .
several conversations were held with mrs.known lastname 96174 husband and son , both physicians .
her hospital course was significant for peri-operative cardiac arrest and heart and later a gi bleeding episode requiring requiring stay .
known lastname 72376 was emergently taken to the body scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team .
she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 wk supply , bottle date 4/5/5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg hs ( date 2125-3-17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily ( date 2125-3-17 ) multiple samples of doctor first name in backpack was brought to hospital1 18 , and did not respond to narcan so was intubated for airway protection .
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 19.6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his proportion of red blood cells increased to 26 .
per patient will plan to treat mssa bacteremia/abscesses with iv daptomycin to total of 6-8wk course .
post operatively he went to the intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and international normalized was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord .
he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal heart rate .
the patient was neurologically intact and heart stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support .
nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) done at the outside hospital revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim .
the location 109 was estimated at 0.7cm2 .
white count coming down to 13 and proportion of red blood cells stable at 29.6 .
# - it was felt that the patient was felt that the patient ' s hypoxia could that his that has may may that has has been may is is the the this this is is . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -- it was felt that the patient 's lung could have been caused by his high blood pressure that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting .
he was also diuresed given his congestive heart disease and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure .
on arrival to the intensive care unit , she perceverates on the subject of sodium .
her coumadin ( on for heart ) was withheld until 10/11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9-12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday 's when she receives 3 mg .
she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels .
initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer .
a bowel prep was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge .
patient then had left main stem stent placed via ip and discharged on 2180-12-2. .
patient is a 85 yo male with severe heart disease s/p cabgx2 , bioprosthetic mvr , ischemic cm with ef 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath .
on 9-28 the patient again began to complain of belly pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9-8 .
she was noted to have abnormal thickening and edema of the aryepiglottic folds , right greater than left , as well as nonspecific circumferential edema at the pharyngeoesophageal junction on a ct scan of her neck at the al scan on a ct scan of her her ct scan on a ct scan of her her ct scan . . . . .
the pain itself is not associated with nausea , vomiting or sick .
he beleves that he had a 'cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough , shortness of breath and subjective fevers .
the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by by ntg .
patient should have a repeat head body in a few months after discharge .
upon further investigation , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left .
the patient was monitored on telemetry with no heart heart electrical activity heart heart rate noted .
he was transferred to intensive care unit for further observation on aggrenox gtt and nitro to to prevent vasospasm .
per emergency care unit , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen .
initial labs were notable for a normal blood cell ( 7.0 ) , blood pressure ( 40.9 ) , and bnp of 1180 .
chest x-ray 's post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical pneumothoraces .
on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots .
at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 .
fluconazole iv was started on 12-4 with plan to treat until 12-29 .
heart catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending left , 95 % left circumflex left and 80 % right coronary artery blood vessel .
the patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in postoperative - on 12-29 .
he states that the belly pain is located predominantly in the emergency department , was mostly crampy and intermittently sharp in character , non-radiating .
subsequent hematocrit found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline .
another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right cyanotic abdomen and legs .
blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small lung and atelectasis .
she was noted to have heart electrical activity detection changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes .
she was initially placed in the intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture .
patient performed endoscopy at the time of patient 's arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non-bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum .
arrived to the intensive care unit minimally responsive no no evidence of trauma .
# likely aspiration lung vs : : patient had a history of lung infection and aspiration lung infection presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and hypoxia .
on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with cxr demonstrating mild lung .
she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( ) ) 96555 who takes care of her at home .
the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of dysphagia and difficulty breathing .
otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well .
on post - operative day 2 , the patient had another episode of breathing distress and was transferred to the intensive care unit for further management .
# heart ventric heart : episodes of heart rate occurred in setting of decompensated chf , likely secondary to some demand heart , but ruled out for heart heart disease .
she underwent body with 3 bands placed to esophageal varices .
50 years old woman with new onset of shortness of breath on exertion and had positive exercise stress test .
he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of shortness of breath and bloating with small volume . .
also rec 'd baracath to prepare for body scan but then had a large episode of blood pressure .
she will complete a 4 week course of ctx and f/u with id .
exam remarkable for 3/6 systolic ejection murmur , loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck .
patient with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with fio2 less than 99 % 4/6pt with cardiac arrest and death pronounced .
progression of lung fibrosis , right greater than left , likely lung or fibrotic subtype of lung disease .
patient was transferred to intensive care unit unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for bp support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol .
# kidney failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation .
also found to be in respiratory lung ( initially on abg prior to transfer from outside hospital ) , which was thought likely secondary to central lung and was treated with acetazolamide until improved .
she denies any recent illnesses , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , nausea , vomiting , constipation , sick , bleeding , myalgias , or rashes .
heart ( ( ( at at ( ( at hospital16 ( ( ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) . ) ) . ) . ) . ) . . ) . . ) . . ) . . . ) . . . ) . . . . ) . . . . . . . . . ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) .
she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure .
likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long-term antibiotics .
at this time , the patient was evaluated by heart surgery service for a coronary artery bypass graft .
hospital course also notable for body of the body which showed demonstrated a possible small kidney kidney stone ( for for hematuria ) .
melanotic material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon .
the patient is a 72-year-old gentleman who was at the university/college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20-foot fall .
unclear baseline mental status , per patient patient visiting from state 108 .
head body showed a small contusion with a small subarachnoid hemorrhage in the left frontal lobe .
of note , patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following cat scratch and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) .
# urinary infection : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for lung x3 and no other pathogen could be identified .
neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery .
blood urea nitrogen/creatinine increased to 140/3.7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed .
patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic .
he received 600mg iv clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management .
low blood cell at baseline , low blood pressure and lfts were at baseline or below .
she also underwent heart catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries .
