she was taken to interventional radiology where 3 peripheralium of the right kidney artery was embolized , and a blood filtering line was placed under neurosurgery procedure in the right internal jugular . 
patient was successfully extubated , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak . 
rein / assist with by mouth intake and give supplements at at of 3 times daily . 
38 year old male with known mitral backward flowing and mitral valve prolapse with new onset abnormal heart rate . 
he was freeish fever and blood filtering stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor . 
patient became nonpquge of urine with worsening kidney function and rapid rise in potassium . 
transported to outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a pneumothorax and transferred to hospital1 hospital . 
the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 wordus drug stent were placed in the coronary artery artery , which was found to be 100 % occluded . 
patient proportion of red blood cells was stable , did not have vomiting of blood for 24 hours and was able to tolerateat last name ( ( ) amlpressorpressorpressor drip was stopped . 
lisinopril was restarted given his blood flow stability and slightly elevated pressures . 
a peripheral catheter inserted was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6 - 29 . 
plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her supraglryic swelling swelling . 
chest surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior lung blood clot for colonoscopy 47 6 months . 
the effusion was noted to be loculated by body imaging and chest x - ray . 
he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration lung infection . 
this resolved after two sublingual nitroglycerin and patient also has nitroglycerin patch . 
his left ventricular blood pumping score was estimated at 36 % with diffuse hypokinesis . 
the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon pericardiotomy procedure if the effusion increases in size . 
the patient remained having a normal amount of blood fluids throughout his hospital course , hemodynamically stable , with treatment for mild high blood pressure as above . 
at the outside hospital , the patient reportestly had an unremarkable electrocardiogram and negative cardiac markers negative x 3 . 
vital fraction of the heart - heart - history of coronary artery bypass graft with only right heart artery bypass a patent . 
she was kept nothing by mouth until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated . 
virus and serum viral bilirubin were sent and returned negative . 
a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by orthopedics . 
he was given tissue plasminogen activator and strength improved within 3 hours . 
her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced kidney perfusion . 
patient is a 71 year - old female with history of abnormal heart rate and congestive heart failure ( since since 2178 per pt ) who presented to hospital3 last night for shortness of breath . 
he was found to grow group b strep and and and recommended and recommended to unasyn and to evaluate for bone . 
her last name 1531 was was was ' ' s ' s ' s s ' s s ' s s ' s 
rhythm : after coming out of critical care unit , found to have sinus bradycardia , 2 : 1 block . 
name10 907 high prior to discharge was negative for blood . 
his alanine transaminase / aspartate transaminase remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low large diet . 
vital signs prior to transfer 97 . 7 , pulse : 87 , respiratory rate : 16 , . 
the patient did not require intubation , was managed on devicerine and weaned down to nasal cannula . 
over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to deficient of calcium in the plasma . 
on 2135 - 3 - 19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his proportion of the proportion of the proportion from 25 to 16 . 
she was started on dilantin and her level was 12 . 1 . 
patient 732 is a 59 year old female with recent hospitalization for lung blood clot who presents with shortness of breath and acute agitation . 
on the floor , he was re - started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2 . 0 - 3 . 
42 year old female with history of brain blood collects 2 - 26 , ethanol abuse , ? 
review of systems + per record , some calf cramping and dysphagia on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke , deep venous venous , pulmonary blood clot , lung blood clot , lung blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery 
she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing legs legs for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix . 
he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath , shortness of breath when sleeping or shortness of breath when lying flat currently . 
82 year old male with a history of 6 prior percutaneous coronary intervention ' s ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor status post cath with tight left anterior descending and diffuse left heart artery disease without intervention . 
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit with neuro - oncology , palliative care , and medicine consults . 
postoperatively she was transferred to the intensive care unit for close monitoring . 
it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her glyiput . 
ultrasound assessment with ultrasound for trauma scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant bleeding . 
in the emergency department , she had a respiratory rate in the 30 ' s , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan . 
creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization . 
post transfusion hematocrit was initially 24 . 4 and then increased to 25 . 6 on 10 - 22 . 
because of occasional slow heart rate , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while by mouth captopril was started . 
he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % epigy left anterior descending lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent . 
in the intensive care unit , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1 . 5 and by vein fluids were subsequently held . 
patient seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of risks and a very impaired surrounding . 
the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge . 
after obtaining a dental panorex , it was suggested to break 4 stones prior to surgery . 
also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size . 
patient received large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164 - 12 - 12 . 
he did not note any of the tightness with exertion . 
diabetes : high blood sugar may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening given complains of nausea . 
the patient was given levofloxacin / flagyl , with coverage later opted to consider vancomycin and aztecam given the allergy to penicillin . 
she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the intensive care unit with her partial thromboplastin time monitored monitored . 
during the pregnancy the mother was treated epi virus and and lines . 
87 year old female with history of poorly controlled high blood pressure , congestive heart failure , heart disease presents with shortness of breath of sudden onset the morning of admission . 
a 71ye old female with medical history acute acute marrow marrow cell , leukenic fever , blid bu , admitted to to to to service for neutropy fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated by acute neuro antibiotics , she was 
prior to that , last implantable cardioverter defibrill defibrill was on hitoworr . 
currently , denies any complaints of chest pain , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or shortness of breath when lying flat . 
he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat body imaging was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right prec . 
at the time of discharge on 3 - 13 he is tolerating a regular diet , walking with an assistive device , not feverish with stable vital signs . 
in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and short for pneumatic compression strength were started . 
hypoxemia she was initially treated for lung infection based on her chest xray right lower lobe consolidation with antibiotics to cover for lung infection infection ( vanc / cefepime / cipro ) . 
in intensive care unit , denies any abdominal pain , bright red blood per rectum , , ena , difficulty , difficulty breathing , light headedness , sensations that heart is pounding . 
he does have a mild headache without nausea , vomiting weakness or jaw . 
her lung arterial pressures were 60s / 30s . 
ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name vs and aneurysm . 
he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple ulcerss . 
his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with by vein lasix . 
patient 9672 was transferred from the medical intensive care unit to the floor on 2184 - 8 - 22 , for further management . 
the patient then was reconsed a legal guardian on 2189 - 8 - 27 . 
for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral - femoral graft - over graft were performed . 
he took nitroglycerin x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes . 
on the morning of admission he felt weak , he hitped on two stairs and fell on his gro wei and sustained a smallatal hemi to his hand . 
this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 for multiple stab ulcers to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from position . 
82 years old man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 4068 , 90 % narrowing of a blood vessel on status with ammal orthop and and andcopcopal episode episode post post post . with with with 
his postoperative days 4 night chest x - ray was stable with no increased pneumothorax , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up chest x - ray was stable . 
diabetes old male with heart disease , diabetes , and congestive heart failure who has a history of of encephalopathy who presented to an outside hospital with nausea , vomiting , vomiting pain that the day to admission . 
presented to her primary care provider initial ( pre ) 1 week who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is largely to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg by lasix by lasix with moderate improvement in 
she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm . 
high blood pressure : patient takes integrodipine at home which was stopped . 
she developed symptoms of a viral upper respiratory infection , , , , , , , fever . 
a puncture of lesion was sent for herpes simplex virus culture . 
during the patient ' s resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection . 
he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine . 
depression - psychiatry consulted , continued on tabil 20mg once a day , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , the patient was in moderate breathing distress on a vacuum - mask and was also very anxious . 
elevated carcinoeryry surface antigen and cancer antigen 125 are consistent with malignancy . 
she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass . 
he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels . 
he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen . 
it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital . 
pump : patient with known dilated cardiomyopathy & biventricular dysfunction , ejection fraction 20 % . 
she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up . 
she remained febrile despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve . 
haldol was discontinued 1 - 5 to suppressing corrected interval ( reportedly trops at each ) . 
in brief , the patient was found to have disc of the pin into the appendixulum and underwent left replacement repair 2152 - 2 - 17 . 
received total 1 . 5mg dilaudid per patient - controlled analgesia in post - anesthesia care unit . 
he was admitted to the intensive care unit 2157 - 7 - 9 with complaints of dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , and a 13 lb weight loss over the last one month . 
he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a patient evaluation . 
apgars were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of 3rd , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life . 
she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls . 
patient immediately went to head body for right parietal parietal hyposisi with with withmentmentment ; however , negative for bleed . 
a repeat body imaging scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change . 
plan was for follow - up with interventional pulmonology in 3 - 4 weeks . 
she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every hours . 
this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , cirrhosis , diabetes , who presents one week after implantable placement with recurrent heart rate heart rate rate heart rate rate heart on on heart rate with heart 
patient was initially oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula ascites - patient tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would recr quickly quickly quickly . 
depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms . 
58 year old otherwise persistent persist with black tarry stools one day prior to admission . 
she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned . 
she was treated with a 30 - day course of pentox integrineine . 
since international normalized ratio is 3 . 3 today , will hold off on coumadin at leastieight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1 - 2 days . 
this is a 44 year old female who was status post - on on 219 - 11 - 3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work - up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation 
mr patient 61 is a 50 year old male with a history of a history of cancer with known cancer cancer to spine ( - - - - surgery 9 ago in an combination chemotherapy protocol , who presented to outside hospital last night with weakness ( right > l 
she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate pos . 
interventional radiology was then consulted who tried removing a a new in liver on the night of 4 - 23 , but were unsuccessful . 
he was initially going to have this opened in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as well as well as well as well as well 
he was continued on aspirin and started on a statin . 
she describes this as a left sided periorbital severe dull pain that is our her prior headaches . 
the procedure was complicated by closure of the posterior descending artery . 
received by vein fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 2563 intensive care unit for supportive care . 
routine electroencephalogram did not reveal any frank seizure activity , but showed a slow and interactive background suggestive of a mild encephalopathy of toxic , metabolic , or hypoglycemia . 
the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus . 
patient complained of a sensation in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased in his left ear . 
patient was evaluated by anesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic fix gastric band placement . 
he was continued on a proton pump inhibitor as an inpatient . 
patient last name ( titles ) 1834 cardiac imagingzation that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease . 
she required blood transfusion for dropping proportion of red blood cells from 30 to 20 with low blood pressure . 
the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes . 
date range 58 88 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in brain pulmonary water , he was started on on lasix glucose tolerance to keep him even for his histtt of . 
he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , mental seizure history and possible borderline mental mental . 
overnight he developed transient intracranial pressure to the low to mid 20s and became transiently bradycardic to the 40s . 
his time of death was 13 : 40 approximately 1 - 2 hours after extubation . 
speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in noncguodiiveive status . 
reports increased legs swelling x 2 - 3 weekss , recently started on lasix +aqn for that . 
history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on deviceolol . 
he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175 - 1 - 21 ( day 1 was 2175 - 12 - 11 ) . 
she is occasionally admitted to organisation mondiof endoscop digestive for systolic blood pressure ' s . 
the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines . 
the am labs revealed at a stable of blood cells and elevated potassium of 5 . 8 . 
she was re - admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home . 
his condition improved and patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days4 . 
he has been taking his seizure medicines and denies any seizure activity , no morning tongue sharp , no morning urinary incontinence , no focal motor / sensory / / / symptoms were appropriately . 
post procedure screens were in the 90s from a baseline of 120 - 140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure . 
4 ) high blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan , hydrochlorothiazide , metoprolol . 
labs were significant for proportion of red blood cells 31 . 8 , creatinine 0 . 9 , troponin < . 109 peptide66 3276 ( no baseline range ) . 
on day of discharge patient and staff felt safe to discharge patient to rehab with close follow up . 
patient stated she slept on the couch yesterday and upon awakening ` ` had difficulty leaving the legs to stand up . 
he was brought for body imaging which showed acute right subd with 1 . 3m with 1 . 3m of of of as well as a 5m x right right right right with with with with with with with the the the the the name name name 
uncomance over too long spine in the area of the spinal sheath : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging . 
she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management . 
digestive system : his watery stool was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent proportion of red blood cells drop , as low as 26 . 
digestive system was called who stated that they would perform upper endoscopy in morning . 
she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum . 
the patient received pantoprazole 80mg by vein ( although bleed appeared more small - large bowel ) , two large bore ivs placed ( 14 and 18 qs ) . 
the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation . 
they do suspect manr he has not been compliant with his medications term his short term memory and that this may be cancellreding with his fluid status . 
she did not some vaginal itches in the emergency room . 
he presented to hospital3 on 6 - 1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and clostridium difficile difficile positive . 
acute on chronic kidney failure : patient has chronic kidney disease with baseline creatinine of 3 . 5 - 3 . 9 and presented with a creatinine of 5 . 8 and a hemoonrated complete blood count . 
in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus ventricularem . 
on hd4 , the patient was discharged to home . 
at time of transfer , the patient continued to require positive end - expiratory pressure of 15 , and fio2 of 60 to maintain sats in the low 90s . 
name husband and family made patient name55 after extensive discussion with coronary care unit team and neurology . 
she was placed on primary care provider prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids . 
in , the emergency department , the patient received a total of 3l normal saline ; his heart rate responded to vein fluids , so he was bolused again . 
he has also been confused , progressively with two falls at home with no loss of consciousness or head trauma , and has had poor appetite . 
this change was thought to be succacted with infection , cancer ( dilantin new ) , insufficient oxygen , ? 
the following day , tues , she could ' t sleep well secondary to lower back pain . 
patient should receive nebulizer at rehab around the th for 4 - 5 days after discharge . 
chronic muscle : he was continued on his home doses of icemet . 
labs showed stable blood and proportion at 11 . 3 / 33 . 2 ( 11 . 9 / 34 . 6 on discharge friday ) . 
there is evidence of very severe trache paral with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just draining suction from the bronch car , and almost complete obstruction of the distal trachea . 
echo was performed which showed aortic narrowing , mild mitral , 3 + aortic , 3 + aortic , and moderate lung blood pressure . 
likely reason of encephalopathy felt to be upper digestive track bleed with no signs of infection ( chest x - ray with no signs of lung disease , no no no no no no no no no no no no . 
she had guaiac negative stools in emergency department and in intensive care unit . 
the patient did well post - operatively and was discharged on 7 - 13 . 
on review of systems , the patient denies chest pain , shortness of breath , dizziness , sensations that heart is pounding , sick , vomiting , water , , , . 
initial blood gas had a ph of 6 . 91 , a 15002 of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 . 
the patient was kept nothing by mouth due to his aspiration risk . 
the patient is a 70 year or woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of l lippo - occipital ble . 
he had mild drain twitch twitchs which responded to facial continuous positive airway airway pressure . 
differential diagnosis for chest pain also includes lung blood clot , pulm edema / heart failure , pleurisysy , and stomach disease . 
during this admission blood cultures , body torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis . 
as he was only on his angiotensin - converting enzyme for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication . 
on admission to the medical intensive care unit , vitals were : 97 . 8 , 68 , 97 / 59 , 97 % on room air . 
in the intensive care unit she was placed on two automated external defibrillator ' s ( dilantin and kepp ) . 
cardiology had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted more hypot to low 100 ' s , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was transferred aggressively loaded with amiodaron 
he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen - weekly sleep . 
patient was maintained on a hepatic insulin - physiologic fasting to maintain serumemiaemia and fingerstic pulses were unremarkable . 
patient was given 500cc normal saline , had preliminary labs ( no imaging ) . 
patient has been on total parenteral nutrition for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay . 
he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation . 
his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated follow - up appointments . 
she was given gentamicin and admitted to the medical intensive care unit . 
the patient was also treatd with warm tonees and decadron given inflammation in back neck space . 
the culture showed : gram stain ( final 2171 - 11 - 22 ) : no white counts seen . 
mr patient is a male with parkinson ' s status post brain post brain transferred from nursing home with malaise , fevers . 
given his post - test estimated risk of lung blood clot was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation . 
right upper quadrant ultrasound was done that was negative for acute choly . 
he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able . 
urinary output was a total of 400 cc while in emergency department . 
she was briefly placed on device that helps with breathing , but became very agitated and removed the device that helps with breathing . 
the cranial signs and questionablece , born well with well - known insult of ice sensitivities and the cecum to insufficient oxygen and carbon dioxide poisoning . 
digestive track bleed on the floor she was initially hemodynamically stable with stable proportion of red blood cells . 
a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for hypercarbic breathing failure . 
there , noncontrasted head tomography tomography was unreultgible ( both the report and the findings reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler imaging of the carotids study was reportedly without evidence of narrowing . 
age over 90 years old female with history of heart congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who presented with hypoxia and agitation . 
the patient was placed on device that helps with breathing for a period of time . 
she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict nothing by mouth after the procedure . 
the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2 - gm for 3 weeks percutaneous transluminal angioplasty ) , , , would likely be enough to to to to to to of / / / / / / / / / / / . 
the patient was started on drug for low blood pressure which was quickly weaned off . 
he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) before and admitted to the intensive care unit . 
patient 205 81 is an 82 year old man with a history of of of of of and and complicated complicated by autonomic ventricular , recently admitted for 7 mm acute bleeding after fall , was transferred from outside outside outside outside outside outside outside hospital for acute on chronic 
patient is a 61 year - old female with high blood pressure , anemia who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with infection of the bile duct system and lack , clinically doing well . 
postoperative days 0 - remained in post - anesthesia care unit 2166 - 12 - 29 overnight for brief norepinephrine administration , volume resuscitation , 1u packed red blood cells , and observation . 
he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion . 
she was being on followup and further assessment body scans were done . 
he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg by mouth twice and will receive 3 sessions of products per week as an outpatient . 
there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67 / 45 , heart rate 130 , respiratory rate 24 24 , temperature 100 . 8 axillary . 
we started her on oral feeds on 2102 - 5 - 15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation . 
a hemoglobin glycosylated was checked and was 6 . 8 . 
53 year old female with mental status first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) urinary tract tract status status post low sodium concentration and seizure . 
acute kidney failure during this hospitalization might have been pre - kidney in the setting of aggressive diuretic use . 
patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management . 
he had been discharged to rehab on 7 - 7 after being readmitted post surgery for breathing arrest . 
he remained hemodynamically stable there overnight with some improvement in his speech . 
aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed . 
in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for 882 = 81 % on room air . 
date range 577 : on 10 - 14 patient had tracheostomy tube placed and percutaneous a surgical procedure tube placed for feeding . 
hypoxia and carbonness improved , patient was extubated after 1 . 5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air . 
+ dizziness , no syncope , sick extension vomiting , diaphoresis or other associated symptoms . 
this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to deficient of calcium in the plasma . 
he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3 - 9 days either ; he reports this is because that that m on too many pills ' ' m ' . 
she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postpned since she had received plavix in the intensive care unit . 
she has been flipping in and out of abnormal heart rate occasionally in the last few months but notes improved control of abnormal heart rate since that hospitalization . 
he was placed on a 1 : 1 sitter while in house . 
her risk factors for doctor last name included high blood pressure and and . 
a body imaging brain / magnetic resonance angiographys revealed mild - to - moderate brain restriction and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the origin , high - grade narrowing of a blood vessel . 
prophylaxis : holding heparin , not tolerating freely , cont proton pump inhibitor full code . 
he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum . 
on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily . 
he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures . 
was in her usual state of health when yesterday afternoon ( 7 - 10 ) she began having a ` ` choon sensation ' - like pain in her chest . 
they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin x2 over period of hours . 
epicardial pacing wires were removed on post - op day three . 
notably right wave in lead wave in the frontal window without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular enlargement . 
this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187 - 4 - 19 with severe periealal abdominal pain , sick and vomitting . 
initially highly active antiretroviral therapy held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of acute kidney failure and sepsis . 
the patient had no no chest pain , sensations that heart is pounding , sweating , sick or vomiting . 
ethanol abuse : patient states her last drink was about 5hi ago when starting physical startingab for left hip fracture . 
at that time , the family plans to newborn extubate her . 
her repeat non - contrast helical tomography tomography at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital nonc noncont head imaging . 
patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8 - 19 and underwent the above stated procedure . 
the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on - call liver doctor and / or tumor doctor consultation . 
he reports his last chest pain was on 12 - 10 . 
she went to her primary care provider ' s office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92 / 50 , so she was sent to the emergency department for evaluation diabetic complication of diabetes . 
the patient was covered with a tripledi mask overnight , which he tolerated okay . 
the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , lower abdominal pain ( 7 - 5 , constant , lower lower lower / / / . 
procedure was terminated but able to remove and replaced old stent . 
per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic immunodeficiency and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist . 
given the severity of his disease , the cardiac surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization . 
3 ) diabetes : today advanced patient ' s diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume patient ' s outpt insulin 50unun every every every every every while . 
international normalized ratio 2 . 0 with fibrinogen 104 the blood urea nitrogen - to - creatinine ratio 64 / 2 . 9 blood cell count 20 count on arrival to the medical intensive care unit on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , patient is intubated 
since his discharge on 12 - 30 , mr . name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol . 
states has had periodic watery stool , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks . 
45 year old old with past medical history of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1 , prior l1 - spine , cervical , lumbar spine who status with progressive progressive to control seizures in the setting of a rapid alcohol and and and withdrawal for . . 
she was brought to hospital6 1769 and was found to have a small right subduralural . 
cardiac surgery was consulted and on 12 - 21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of ampmaus right heart artery . 
diabetes : patient test measures the amount of blood sugar attached to hemoglobin peaked excellent control control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues bowel blood sugar . 
he will be discharged on a proton pump inhibitor at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month after teleie he will decrease the dose to daily . 
patient was admitted with motor speech disorder , confusion , and decreased incontinence in his right ear , and no localizing or lateraltic signs . 
sleep obstructive sleep - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea , for which she has been on automated wire in the past . 
on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with visiting nursing association services . 
superficial wound nurse cultures eventually demonstrated different growth of coag . 
patient continues to be acutely disturbed state of mind and is transferred to medicine for further work - up . 
the patient ' s course was complicated by abnormal heart rate with irregular pumping of blood through the heart which responded responded the heart which responded to diltiazem . 
a blood vessel imaging was negative for lung blood clot , and a body imaging of her head was negative for any acute process . 
patient was complaining of light - headedness but no abdominal pain . 
per wife , patient complained of sick and vomited 2 - 3x this afternoon . 
patient was recently transitioned from aafate to 125 simvastatin on 2157 - 1 - 28 . 
acute virus infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , diarrhea and diffuse myalg has initially thought to be consistent with polysosis or a similar viral illness . 
the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6 - 16 . 
she was seen by toxicology who recommended by vein n - acetyl cysteine and hepatology agreed . 
body imaging of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal abnormal enlargement of the lymph nodes . 
proportion of red blood cells 20 . 6 prior to transfer and received 1 unit packed red blood cells . 
patient was treated with by vein fluids and airway was monitored . 
coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 147 14713 . 
started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6 . 6 l normal saline . 
low blood concentration : hypovolemic low blood levels as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above . 
dr . last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor . 
anemia and platelet : concern is for persistent bleed into the left limb limb and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact exam on both sides and per ortho recs , , , a near . 
however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly shortness of breath . 
he also report an episode of left eye viral inflammationitis . 
on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate . 
however , considering patient ' s poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent . 
a repeat body imaging at that time was consistent with abscessestis , bone and primarily spinal epidural abscess abscess at thoracic nerve spine 6 , 7 and 3 pelvis have improved and there is less spinal cord compared to 7 - 29 . 
the patient was doing well with passe spinather on oxygen cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event . 
patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine insulin radiology , and valium . 
his slow heart rate resolved ( heart rate 59 on leaving the medical intensive care unit ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity . 
she is status post implantable cardioverter defibrill with episodes of implantable cardioverter defibrill defibrill . 
he also reports uncomant cough shortness of breath on exertion over the same time period . 
additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix by vein . 
they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2 - 2 . 5 liters ) and heparin patch for his abnormal heart rate . 
possibly going for heart bypass graft - aspirin aspirin - - dose statin - will trend - will trend cardiac enzymes monitor . 
in the intensive care unit , a central line was urgently placed . 
diabetes - insulin drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1 brain water with decreasing glucose control . 
bitienut his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored . 
on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gall areas of clear fluid . 
given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired lung infection , though aspiration lung infection remained on the differential . 
he was successfully extubated on 11 - 4 and morphine drip was given with swallowolamine patch for comfort measures . 
he underwent a bronchoalveolar lavage level on 1 - 11 which showed strep pneumo . 
she was evaluated by surgery , with review of body films with radiology , and felt not to have inflammation of the appendix . 
acute kidney failure : the patient ' s serum creatinine was elevated to 1 . 9 at outside hospital from a baseline 0 . 9 . 9 . 
on 2141 - 8 - 30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site wound well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation . 
there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound . 
prevention : proton pump inhibitor , heparin drop transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) . 
patient reports using 600 - 800mg of advil , intve on top of advil . 
he was also started on digoxin at the outside hospital for his congestive heart failure and was also started on amiodarone . 
patient then underwent an angiogram , angiography , angiography on 2170 - 11 - 27 which demonstrated no aneurysm and moderate to severe left popl artery narrowing of a blood vessel . 
she admits to drinking an discussionsalog that has a bedside of possible liver failure . 
atropine and dopamine were initally involvedd and resolved the initial episode but presshrphrine was required to avoid doe overspeed heart rate . 
anemia : proportion of red blood cells was 31 on the last day . 
patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home . 
patient should would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems . 
vancomycin trough was obtained on 2167 - 2 - 8 and was withion range range ( 17 ) . 
prenatal prenatal personnel association blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin . 
he went to the operating room with dr first name4 last name . 
8 - 7 : abdominal exam worsens , ( + ) right upper quadrant pain , ( + ) . 
dehydration : patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low by mouth intake and later on with with watery stool . 
pulsus was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay . 
patient was put on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay . 
she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139 - 1 - 24 . 
the endoscopic retrograde cholangiopaopagraphy revealed a gaping ducta consistent with recent stone and a normal biliary biliary ; a surgical incision of a hernia was performed , and sludge was pulled . 
in the emergency room he was found to have a proportion of red blood cells of 23 . 3 . 
he also has borderline plug too many platelets which is associated with increased white blood cell counts in terms of inflammatory stress . 
his subthaf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 . 
the patient had complications of inflammation in the pancreas , duodenal stick leak and stricture . 
he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brieflls of dizziness . 
80 years old female with history of stroke from brain borderline angioy who presents with shortness of breath x 1 week . 
* * as a note , the patient ' s lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate toee for his bilateral pleural effusions . 
the following day his creatinine dropped to 1 . 3 and he was sent for a blood vessel imaging with lung blood clot protocol which was suspicious for lung blood clot due to motion artifact but did not show clot in the arterisiliic or pelvic veins . 
the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro as necessary for chest pain . 
he has recieved 11 units of red blood cells , 2 of fresh frozen plasma , and 4 units of bicarbonate for a ph of 6 . 7 . 
with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below - kneeiteal graft . 
her symptoms were felt to be secondary to low sodium concentration , antiemetics were held and the patient ' s headache treated with tylenol as needed . 
no chest pain , blurry vision , watery stool , melena , blood in the feces . 
started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house . 
she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening renal failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3 . 0 , almost no urine output , and 
she was discharged home to follow - up with dr . last name 957 in clinic . 
at the outside hospital , concern was for aspiration lung disease ( chest x - ray demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe lung disease ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) . 
echo showed preserved left ventricular blood pumping score with decreased movement inferior wall in the right heart artery territory . 
his occupational regimen was restarted prior to his discharge . 
diabetes ) diabetes : well controlled with poor eating - - recent hemoglobin hemoglobin ( hemoglobin - ) of 6 .tusus , sliding scale , care given poor by mouth . 
an echo showed a severely enlarged left ventricle at 6 . 8cm with an left ventricular blood pumping score of 55 % and an artery artery valve of 0 . 7cm2 . 
as patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on floazepam 2mg three times a day ( the dose she aware to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal . 
baseline in 60s - 70s during the day . 
71 year old female with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , ethanol liver disease caused by the hepatitis who presented as a transfer from hospital122 with a lung abscess . 
heparin bolused and drop begun in emergency department as patient has missed am 3palog . 
we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against blood clot . 
the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago . 
the patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotics that were narrowed appropriately . 
patient 16372 was admitted to emergency department from clinic for increasing shortness of breath . 
patient notes that he had a lot sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling shortness of breath . 
seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care . 
she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease . 
no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and international normalized ratio and albumin and albumin were preserved . 
however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being empirically . 
she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor . 
he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to tolerateate , though it overall improved . 
he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep ventilation . 
bilateral anterior puncture was placed by the trauma team without tamponade of the bleeding . 
patient 388 is a 82 year - old woman who has a history of ganvalin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , high blood cholesterol who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain . 
she had received a flu roll about 1 week prior . 
patient is an 81 year old man with history of heart valve of heart valve , 1 - heart artery bypass graft , recurrent falls over last few months , initially admitted on 9 - 30 with fever of unknown of unknown of unknown of unknown of unknown . 
iron studies in month ( only ) with low iron , elevated ferritin . 
she was reversed stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation . 
coronaries : patient has significant risk factors for heart disease , given high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease , long tobacco history of fats , etc . 
he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care . 
on 2137 - 3 - 1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr . last name and underwent a heart bypass graft x 3 with left internal artery artery to the left , saphenous vein graft to the the , and saphenous vein graft to the 
* methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus : patient found to have infected right subclavian line with 4 / 4 blood cultures ( + ) for methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus . 
indications autonomic hallucinations saying her toodeakggeance on herself . 
patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or ororesis . 
at routine prenatal diagnostic imaging with ultrasound on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his arteriovenous fistula . 
patient 59 139 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118 - 9 - 13 for surgical management of his heart artery valve disease . 
since that time a new 31mm corevalve was been made available . 
her blood pressure was 80 / 40 and heart rate was in the 50 ' s . 
on 9 - 8 code status was discussed with mr . g ' s wife and and family members present . 
intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen . 
there was also moderate mitral narrowing with moderate mitral backward flowing . 
she resentd with recurrent abdominal pain initiall thought to be ampd interviveal . 
high blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the emergency department without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload . 
however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling anxious , oidoid and refer to go home . 
crohn ' s disease : patient is after multiple abscesses with short bowel and an belly wall surgery on chronic total parenteral nutrition nutrition . 
low blood pressure : low likely in part sepsis ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from * clostridium infection requiring aggressive by vein resuscitation fluids and brief medical intensive care unit admission . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history . 
the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and heart and lung resuscitation was begun . 
the patient is a 45 - year - old male with cirrhosisopathy cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c encephalopathy , ascites , blood pressure , hepatic , and grade varic esophageal and grade i esophageal varices . 
of note , her lung cancer includes the right upper lobe mass and and parietalar / mediastinal / /lalalar . 
echo showed severe heart artery insufficiency with a preserved left ventricular blood pumping score . 
for surgical details , please see sep dictated operative operative note . 
the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit for hourlydown checks . 
his vital signs prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were systolic blood pressures in the 120 ' s and heart rate in the 80 ' s . 
she was started on vancomycin and meropenem andeinss resc volume resuscitated with normal saline by vein fluids . 
in the intensive care unit , diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized . 
he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock . 
80 female with multiple medical problems , including heart disease , congestive heart failure , vascular vascular vascular , diabetes , who presented with a near syncopal episode , low white blood , , , , , with with with with with with with who who who - 
chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on online . 
her clip hit a car that crossed the e . 
a pulediaital embol noted on the admission body imaging scan . 
at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely cerebrospinal fluid . 
her mental status and oxygen improved as her bicarbonate normalized . 
on review of systems , he denies pain other than his baseline mets nervous kidney system : nervous complaints . 
51 female with history significant for obstructive lung disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 3327 who was again admitted there on 2160 - 9 - 10 for obstructive lung disease exacerbation . 
female multiple intensive care unit admissions for problemname 115 breathing function including reconsiation arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the medical intensive care unit on 1 - 3 with increased secretions and decreased functional breathing capacity , concerning for neurologic induced weakness . 
on day 7 , she was discharged to home in stable condition after central venous line removal without incident . 
she was taken to the hospital1 18 emergency room for evaluation by emergency medical service . 
further evaluation included lung consultation given his severe obstructive lung disease . 
metastatic thyroid cancer : patient with a history history of mets to the brain , bone , , . 
hemorrh manogram study was performed 1 - 17 and found be normal with some to balloon fluid . 
his breathing status improved with oxygen saturations of 96 - 99 % on room air from requiring lymph node cell . 
they are spikedy to perform angiography on the leg given patient ' s involvedey function . 
the ambulance hers noted a systolic blood pressure in the 70 ' s which responded to by vein fluids . 
she was started on treatment for heart rates with midodrine and octreotide . 
he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent blood vessel imaging which revealed colitis and bleeding from right side colon . 
a recent chest body imaging and bronchodil with dr . last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease . 
his chest tubes were discontinued postoperative days 5 without complication . 
discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 327 name4242 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to comfort measures only ; comfort measures only . 
she had limited gaze of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper arms against . 
diabetes : he was discharged home on a regimen of brain water water 12 - 10 . 
on 2136 - 5 - 29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction . 
blood vessel imaging of the head on 10 - 30 was reviewed and was negative for narrowing of the arteries . 
by this time her or wound cultures from 2168 - 3 - 2 confirmed ' s group b a strep ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin by vein per infectious doctor recommendations . 
a blood culture resulted on 10 - 2 and showed human ' s in 3 - 26 bottles . 
she was readmitted on 11 - 18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at premature hypothyroidism in with belly abdominal abdominal pain . 
70 year old man with with history of the heart disease , known divertic divertic who presented with blood flow at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with significant proportion drop 1 ) lower digestive track secondary to divertic divertic several episodes of blood flow from 
fluids , electrolytes , and nutritio : nothing by mouth for now with intravenous fluids until deemed fluids . 
an spinal tap was not performed at this time due to risk of disc with the present subdural swelling that is filled with blood . 
she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was turned up to climiaia and subsequently transferred to the floor . 
blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt drop . 
he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit . 
she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan . 
maternal history was significant for insufficient peritoneal fluid which was self - resolved . 
her headaches sound consistent with intracranial low blood pressure given their positional nature and suggest continued cerebrospinal fluid leak and symptomatic brainealing the . 
food pipe cancer : ongoing chemotherapy and last name ( titles ) 332 332 , first name3 ( titles ) oncology . 
patient on pentobarbital coma - no stiffnesss , crack or motor response to pain at that time . 
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and by vein solumedrol on admission and required ventilator . 
altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 . 
initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hours of high - dose steroids . 
he initially required pressor support but has improved from a blood flow center and was called out to the floor . 
he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a st . 
right toe forearm - - during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr . 
based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment . 
patient is the former 2 . kg kg product of a 35 - 5 / 7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22 - year - old woman woman . 
records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s - 130s / 40s - 60s . 
he will follow - up at hospital1 112 with dr . last name 32713 . 
she was on prenatal therapy as well as exgeva . 
he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and left arm . 
7 . 22 / 41 / 146 / 146 , so breathing rate was increased to 22 . 
stage iii non - small cell lung cancer with brain mets : continued levimracetam , , , as necessarycocodonee . 
he was emergently taken to the operating room for a bilateral iler for evacuation of his subdurals . 
baby girl name251 is a term female infant , born by cesarean section for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery . 
he was started on zthrox 4 days prior to this presentation . 
a portable biopsy was performed on 2 - 12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation . 
6 - 7 : afebrile , fiber added to the tube from secondary to persistent watery stool . 
because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a body imaging head was obtained that demonstrated significant brain blood but no evidence of intracranial ble , abnormal evidence or or or . 
the liver doctor and / or tumor doctor service was consulted , and per their recs the patient received iv k , folate , plasma , plasma , plasma , plasma units three times per week . 
47 years old male presented with 8 / 10 mid - sternal chest pain x 40 min to outside hospital . 
patient 8403 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124 - 5 - 30 and taken to the operating room for section delivery through an anterior approach . 
this abscess was drained under interventional radiology on hospital day 7 , using a a - neck catheter . 
hypoxia - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening worsening of shortness of breath . 
it is likely that this is colonization from her contial wounds . 
the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all position . 
he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort . 
the wound vac dressing was last changed 11 - 8 , the patient was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home . 
she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever . 
54 years old male d / c ' d from hospital1 18 with diagnosis of infection on 9 - 10pm 9 - 11 with report of shortness of breath , exertionation , and worsening lung blood water from outside hospital and rehab . 
he remained asymptomatic despite his anemia and continued to maintain good blood flow . 
over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four . 
38 year old female with history of history of diabetes , gastro gastricesis requiring frequentesis who presented to emergency department on 4 - 11 because her fingerstic was extremely high ( ` ` unable ( ` ` unable to make ' by glucalog ) , + 
after this , his proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the next 3 days . 
patient was transferred to the floor on blood filtering2 / postoperative1 . 
patient past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , status post pelvic exploratoryuringation performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enter enter fistula in the fasciaum . 
cardiac catheterization done on 7 - 19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the left anterior descending and 99 % right heart artery and a small but normal circumflex . 
at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 u lantus eachus , with 3 u pre - prandialial humalog . 
elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as cause though more likely is pancreatitis , vomiting , vomiting , some epigastric tenderness , could be pancreatitis by medications , or potential immune . 
he developed hepatnalnal syndrome ( creatinine 6 . 0 , international normalized ratio 7 . 0 and measures direct bilirubin and direct bilirubin 52 ) and contrast disease of the kidneys . 
he was admitted to the intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue ( lower limb and breathing sources ( aspiration lung disease ) . 
upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the emergency department the patient reported 3 - 25 chest pain and his electrocardiogram was notable for st depressions in v3 - v3 . 
she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitor . 
she has a follow up appointment with dr . last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160 - 6 - 17 . 
however , 1 - 2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and shortness of breath . 
the body imaging scan showed a left superior subacute stroke which they felt was subacute . 
she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with shortness of breath and increased oxygen requirement . 
please see dr . name 81719 history and physical for full detail . 
kidney : low sodium concentration - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter . 
2 ) lung blood clot : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus overspe and mild oxygen requirement was obtained , which revealed a lower lower lung blood clot . 
she will have a repeat chest x - ray and lung function test ' s in one month to monitor her lung function once primary care treatment treatment is finished . 
the patient was weaned off sedation on blood filtering 2 . 
before he got a lowest to take his high - dose prednisone , he decided to come to the emergency department . 
given the risk of bleeding with oral anticoagulation in borderline humanopathy , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention . 
name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids . 
diuretics were temporarily with tapered as medical therapy was minimized . 
acid / base status : arterial blood gas 7 . 16 / 50 / 19 , and 13 on day of admission . 
she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first international normalized ratio ratio will be monday 2 - 24 with international normalized ratio goal 2 . 5 - 3 for mechanical mitral valve . 
there was a question of foursaer ' s gan gane of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the operating room . 
neph was consulted who recommended merofnedin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while gallbladder tube was in place . 
sputum rec requ from 2113 - 8 - 6 is growing gram - negative rods , unknown unknown at this point . 
this improved when his diuresis was reinted and he has remained relatively having a normal amount of body fluids without supplemental lasix . 
her heart electrical activity showed sinus bradycardia but was otherwise normal . 
she underwent repeat upper endoscopy by digestive system which demonstrated an actively oozing was treated with cautery . 
with high blood pressure , diabetes , diabetesiaiaia and history of aneurysm belly heart artery abnormal bulge who presented with chest pain this morning and was found to have an inferior heart attack with total occlusion of right right artery . 
left aggrmoid metastatic : patient with with with resection / radiation in past ; recent recurrence as prescribed with resection . 
tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses decreasing from 75 three to 100 three to 100 to the 
hiv : possible sources of infection included lung infection , vital signs 1mggible versus versus in a septic . 
during the time in the emergency department , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 1684 . 
5 days ago patient experienced 12 - 31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , combatont with mild occasional lower abdominal pain . 
we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change . 
post catheterization she had an intra - heart artery balloon pump placed and was transferred to the critical care unit for monitoring . 
at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an angiotensin inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 4743 . 
initially high blood pressure , he initially required intravenous labetolol and percdone . 
he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head body imaging which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190 ' s / 110s ( treated there with by vein labetololl ) 
postoperative days 4 patient cleared for home with services . 
vascular saw the patient and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure . 
patient received leuk dorsalis , and anti - cancer insulin with white blood cell decreasing from 170 initially to 51 000 . 
she will have this followed up by her cardiologist . 
a pericardiocentesis was performed on 8 - 6 , and he was transferred to the critical care unit following the procedure . 
we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved white blood cell count . 
she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right tapocostomy drain was placed at the bedside under neuro neuro . 
he remained in normal increase in heart rate and was discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days 5 . 
since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped . 
the patient saw his primary care provider in the office and received an heart electrical activity detection which was reported as being abnormal . 
mr . patient 100 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes . 
high - restarted lisinopril , bbocker once once blood pressure was stable . 
emergency medical service was dispulted and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head body imaging showed a positive subarachnoid bleeding and and and and . . . 
digestive system was consulted in emergency department who recommended toward down his international normalized ratio , instead benzodiazepine as needed , and upper endoscopy once stablblblbl . 
a repeat body imaging scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung . 
endocrine was consulted and they rec ' d d 50 50 , and outpatient endoscope at location 5014 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 140 91 . 
iron deficiency anemia : he was noted to have iron deficiency anemia and treated with by vein iron replacement in the hospital . 
at this point , her body imaging scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right hemial . 
she underwent an echo which showed moderate lung blood water . 
post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit . 
given no gram gram s positive cocc on bronchoalveolar lavage level , did not cover staphhoides ( methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus aureus . 
in the emergency department , initial vital signs were : temperature : 97 . 9 , pulse : 70 blood pressure : 197 / / , respiratory rate : 14 . 
dysphagia : attributed to his underlying disorder ' s and loss of cognitive functioning . 
this is a 71 - year - old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after awakmal substernal chest pain . 
after receiving the diazepam in the emergency department , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to thelanium starting to take effect . 
he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg vec and 100 mg medicine at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip . 
postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring . 
he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at location / college center13 on 2108 - 6 - 11 . 
serum aspirin , drug , drug , drug , rubella negative . 
overnight on 1 - 11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with by vein dilaudid . 
extubated early the following morning in normal increase in heart rate on ind integr and neo drips . 
in the ambulance , had runs of ventricular overspeed heart rate on and off with adenosine adenosine . 
doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle brain artery which raised the question of severe fetal anemia . 
she will follow up with dr . last name 497 on 2176 - 9 - 13 . 
during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical / thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago . 
she states her mother ' s mental status has been progressively decreasing since her discharge from the hospital on 1 - 22 . 
foley catheter was d / c ' d , as was her central line . 
by the time of discharge on postoperative days * * the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics . 
it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal gastropathy in setting of recent ethanol use . 
on postoperative days 1 she was started on betablockrine , lasix and statin therapy . 
status post implantable cardioverter defibrill and lead removal on 2109 - 11 - 19 , patient has remained stableally stable , no signs of systemic infection . 
the procedure was done via the right radial approach . 
they recommended lantus 14 units every night at bedtime and humalog sliding scale , as well as metformin . 
a cardiac catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was minimally opened with angioplasty . 
bone doctor was consulted for his right medial heele fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171 - 9 - 4 for open post . 
she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin drop . 
work - up included right upper quadrant ultrasound and liver body imaging per above . 
74 - year - old right - handed woman with a history of right - sided superior artery and right - sided subd presents with left - sided facialopop , left - sided lower and lower legs weakness in a a of , , , , , , 
she was given lasix 80mg by vein , by mouth gastroomyst , placed on a non - rebreather and had a lung blood clot protocol body imaging she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153 . 
he then had a bleeding scan which was negative . 
patient was discharged with instructions to return for echocardiogram within one week of discharge , to see primary care in followup for labs labsies and counts ( while on ) within one week , and to return to see dr . first name8 last name in two weeks 
he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any source source so inpatient doctor was consulted . 
fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his mental improved . 
patient is a 72 year old male with past medical history of heart disease , congestive heart failure , peripheral vascular disease with stent leg ( ? 
he was admitted to the intensive care unit for further monitoring . 
she was seen by psychologist , psychology on 2187 - 8 - 23 and started on olanzapine 2 . 5mg hospital1 with improvement . 
patient had flat jugular venous pressure and warm extremities , no evidence of closure . 
the following morning ( 7 - 13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 5pm with blood pressure 80 / 40 and was nonpgege of urine . 
post procedure room air pressure wentm 15 15 - > 10 pericardial pressure from 15 - > 3 . 
74 - year - old male with history history high blood pressure , system renal kidney cancer after resection of the partial and distal and distal to remove with resection for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123 - 11 - 1 , 
the patient is a 45 year - old number of pregnancies 5 pregnancies 1 , last , last period period 2131 - 7 - 11 - presented who presented with severe mar mar mar and and and . . . 
with initiation of dialysis extension membranes restriction and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask . 
his hospital course by systems until the events on 12 - 13 is as . 
nervous system : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new restriction in blood supply event versus of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems versus seizure with post - motor state versus seizure with post - metabolic state 
another body imaging of the belly was done on 1 - 25 showing increased peri peri and periditicic ascites . 
anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response . 
admitted to medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg by vein x 1 . 
after stabilization in intensive care unit , off swrine and on doing well on room air he was sent to the medicine floor . 
the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in context of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission . 
patient ' s management at outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a creatinine bump from 1 . 7 , thought possibly to be 3 - 20 contrast nephropathy from body imaging on 3 - 18 contrast nephropathy from body imaging on 3 - 18 . 
also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal . 
in the emergency department , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium biccldae , and kayexelate . 
was worked on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature . 
this was thought to be insult 1 - 15 stenting and possible neuroceration of the patent , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for heart attack . 
electrocardiogram demonstrated persistent st in the precordial leads leads with some decrease in measuring of the elevation from prior electrocardiogram ' s , and with q - waves as well . 
cerebrospinal fluid herpes simplex virus and thrombocytreal disease consultation ( old test for bacterium ) pending at time of transfer . 
the patient was extubated on 2112 - 7 - 16 , blood filtering 2 , without event . 
lumbar puncture performed 1 - 1 showed no evidence of infection . 
patient ' long history of prednisone for room air , in context of low blood pressure and overspeed heart rate associated with these episodes . 
the patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg / min drop . 
respiratory , respiratorys : patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having temp pacer . 
74 years old female with an extensive smoking history , obstructive lung disease not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with obstructive lung disease exacerbation , and found to have heart attack on admission . 
the patient ' s chief complaint was right flank pain . 
at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation . 
she was treated empirically with vanc / zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge . 
she has not been on any prolonged fourths , had any recent procedures , been temporarily recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one . 
she denied any abdominal pain and had a benign abdominal exam . 
does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was tele solly evaluated by his doctor . 
he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip . 
electrocardiogram did not show peaked t t , but rate was 130 - 150s , left anterior descending , left ventricular , , , i i , automated , left - , , , . . 
male with metastatic non - small cell lung cancer with mets to brain admitted with shortness of breath . 
a total of 40 thoughts of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of digestive track bleeding . 
she was given sodium bicarbonate for treatment of her aspirinic alcohol as per protocol . 
for management of her rib fractures pain control and lung toilet have been the primary goal . 
hyperkalemia : patient ' s potassium was repleted in setting of ethanol use & withdrawal . 
amiodarone is known to occasionally cause pancreatitis ; the patient ' s amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge . 
when his vision did not return he went to the primary care provider where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 ' s . 
the infant emerged with a good cry , was pin , warm suctioned and given blow - by oxygen to maintain pink color . 
digestive system : patient with history of liver disease , cancer cancer status post month / day ( 3 ) 54 . 
acute cholecystitis : patient have with right upper quadrant pain , leukocytosis , and low - grade fever at her rehab . 
iron studies revealed normal iron level , total iron - binding capacity of donor , ferritin . 
chronic kidney disease on blood filtering : she was continued on blood filtering with goal to remove much fluid with products . 
he fell several more times and disl transported his shoulder . 
afterwards , a swelling that is filled with blood under the left stern , which was thought to be related to the surgical . 
a subdural drain was placed in the operating room and leveled at shoulder . 
her coumadin was held , but her international normalized ratio did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency with good by mouth vitamin k with good response of her international normalized ratio . 
she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath , sweating , sensations that heart is pounding , shortness of breath when lying flat , shortness of breath . 
this morning she gave him - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be cho eating . 
per rehab notes , patient with low - grade fever on 9 - 23 , vec fortunately , chest x - ray with bibasir atelectasis . 
from a breathing standpoint she continued to require oxygen frame between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask . 
the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , right lobe cancer cancer , status post on on4 - - - 1 who presents pre for for a transplant in a a . . . 
was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for monitoring of care with patient ' s cardiologist dr . last name76 . 
the patient was admitted on 6 - 14 for test and resection of a duodenal mass . 
proportion of red blood cells were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized . 
an body imaging of his internal sound sheath was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve . 
during her stay in the intensive care unit , transaminitis recurr recurr and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad drugs spectrum she was receiving , likely ambmeme . 
female with hypothyroidism , history of obesity now status post bypass causing lack requiring by vein iron pillsrs , and history of overspeed heart rate in the past presents with shortness of breath and leg swelling . 
three days later on 2121 - 10 - 12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital622 . 
throughout the operating room , the patient remained stable on blood and afebrile . 
infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin . 
pneumonia : the patient was admitted date range to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe lung infection and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation . 
she also has a positive troponin , but had no chest pain or electrocardiogram changes and no aspirin was given due to the bleeding . 
18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service c / o o after he was struck in the right flank by another lasting while he was carotot . 
a torso body imaging scan there was otherwise unremarkable . 
male with history of non - ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy ( left ventricular blood pumping score 20 % ) , obstructive lung disease , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse while at home , but getting progressively worse 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , patient ' s vital signs were 97 . 7 , heart rate 96 , blood pressure 137 / 72 , respiratory rate 15 , 98 % right atrium . 
was evaluated extensively and pan intraoperatively but no cause of bleeding found . 
transplant team pulled his blood filtering line and tip was sent for culture . 
review of ct abdomen imaging by radiology with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for inflammation of the colon . 
there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks . 
he was noted to have decompensated dilated cardiomyopathy with a pod - echo showing 3 + backward flowing with an left ventricular blood pumping score of 15 - 20 % . 
due to concern for high clot burden in bilateral upper extremities , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin . 
the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by heart doctor for potential mitral procedure to repair a heart valve as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this . 
he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with blood pressure decreasing slightly . 
hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness . 
her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re - look in 24 hours to reeval fix several areas of potentially ischemic bowel . 
requ - previous implantableyltete screenslili were all consistent with watery stool and decrease volume of blood plasma including hyponatremia and loss of bicarb in watery stool . 
during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite . 
on 7 - 13 he was noted with increasing liver function tests and lipase ; magnetic resonance cholangiopareatography was performed which showed worsening pancreatic tissue and swelling as well as worsening bleeding collection around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagul with an international 
name is a 49 year - old man who by associationation is a car carman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years . 
bilateral basal opac were seen initially in the postoperative period on chest x - ray . 
she was given blow - by oxygen and facial continuous positive airway airway pressure . 
the emergency consulted consulted , who were not statedd by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / heart rate in a patient with known heart failure ; they recommended trended the troponin and heart electrical activity detection ( though not very very with 
patient was given 40 by vein lasix with minimal response . 
pt was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor and the jackson - pratt drain drain was d / c . 
patient had low physical therapy , heparin was was to ' s ' s s ' s s s ' s s s ' s s . 
identifying prenatal association association blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery . 
in the coronary care unit on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and shortness of breath . 
his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive . 
will continue at current dose , recheck thoughts of self - harm as outpatient . 
the right coronary artery had 90 % restriction of a blood vessel just before before off the posterior descending artery . 
he was closely followed by inpatient doctor , lung , and heart electric test . 
coronary artery disease : pt had elevated trop , in setting of severe bradycardia , heart rate 17 - 20s . 
of note in her primary care provider she was given 2 days of azithro andoidsoc without improvement . 
age over 90 female with heart disease ( status post percutaneous intervention intervention 2165 ) , congestive heart failure ( blood pumping score 40 % ) , high blood pressure , chronic kidney disease stage , chronic kidney disease stage , and history of cancer cancer who presented to 
following surgery she was brought to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition . 
it also showed an septalcaranteral ischemic that was new . 
89 year old russian speaking male with heart disease after heart bypass surgery in 2169 , medically managed heart heart attack , medically managed heart attack attack - / 2182 , heart rate / ventricular heart rate status post ventricular heart rate post - ventricular heart rate post 
discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted . 
50 years old female with no significant past medical history who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with low blood pressure . 
she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function . 
all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination . 
trop continued to trend downwards without chest pain or findings on electrocardiogram . 
of note , she reports that she is already followed by a neuromuscular consultation at thetial eye and earologymineary for her eye . 
lung : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated . 
repeat body imaging scan showed fluid around the heart artery graft . 
she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management . 
also being treated for lung infection ( vanc / cefepime / flagyl for lung infection ( ( = = 8 - 28 for 8 days ) . 
target under low - density lipoprotein 70 , but at 78 and this was not towards non - acid level . 
she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a chest x - ray next week . 
patient 16314 is an 84 - year - old man with honessness and left vocal cord . 
he had a chest body revealing his known pleural locleyon but no infiltrates . 
tranetedin acid was avoided out of concern for worsening abnormal decrease in the number of platelets in the blood . 
outside hospital institute and piper nebs showed pseudomonas bacteria sensitive to to /lactam . 
with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and solids beginning to trend back to normal by discharge . 
she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location44 when she returned home . 
ms . patient 327 is a 68 year old female transferred from outside hospital 70twelling c / biliary obstruction status post known last last last name at level of common hepatic duct at level of common hepatic duct tissue toumum . 
by emergency medical service report on the scene she was triggered brought by police staff and covered in feces , apparently her fatherfrien admitted that she had been drinking for the past week . 
a head count was obtained and showed no acute change in appleifon to previous head count ' s . 
while on the critical care unit floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually to eventually . 
catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 38 % . 
the patient reports a month long period of exertional chest pain or pressure described as chest pain with radiation to the mid mid , relieved with rest . 
on depakote at nursing home , but seizure history unclear . 
right lower body ultrasound was limited due to patient ' s soft di , but no obvious deep vein blood clot . 
during his stay , a a surgical operation tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings . 
patient ' s vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication . 
subsequent heart electrical activity detection did not reveal any evidence of pericardial effusion . 
they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an electroencephalogram , vitamin b12 and vitamin vitamin . 
it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild sick , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing . 
patient told medical team that his chronic and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , patient was told he should follow up as an outpt by attending to his care and and and her her her to to to to to to to 
went back to operating room for sternal washout and closure on postoperative days 2 . 
61 year old male with past multiple marrow treated with radiotherapy and and and and , multiple admissions for pneumonia in recent months , now admitted on 7 - 5 for lower leg weakness related to spinal cord involvement , chronic and newly found lung nodule for malignancy , now 
following surgical removal of a polyp the patient had several episodes of bright red blood per rectum , one of which necessitated transfer to the intensive care unit . 
abnormal heart rate : paroxysmal abnormal heart rate known on history with irregular irregular and rapid ventricular rate rate during intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and calcium channel blocker as well as initiation of amiodarone . 
in 7 - 3 , patient complained of right arm extension shoulder pain to slight increase in shortness of breath . 
she was transferred to hospital1 18 intensive care unit due to her breathing distress from both sided aspiration pneumonia pneumonia pneumonia . 
she has subsequently developed symptoms of congestive heart failure with legs legs , five pound weight , shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , shortness of breath when sleeping . 
he subsequently went into acute kidney failure secondary to septic shock , with elevated thrombinninene and diaphuria . 
cancer stating bone bone marrow marrow : the patient was diagnosed with cancer stating inside bone marrow marrow , and has tolerated 7 + 3 therapy without complaint . 
consider cardiology follow - up as outpatient given echo finding of intracardiac shunt . 
liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed . 
of note , blood pressure spiked to 197 / 96 during this episode , but trended down to 160 ' s / 90 ' s . 
last year , was at location 38 at which time started tomatoa , bus , and haldol . 
he was transferred to the cardiac surgery recovery unit on levophed , milrinene , epinephrine , and vasopressin with intra - aortic balloon pump . 
reports from hospital6 205 89 show the patient had an exercise tolerance test with analysis screening scan scan on 2103 - 12 - 24 which . 
hence she was put on continuous positive airway pressure for some time . 
cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , , or presyncope . 
sensitivity data showed all 3 sources were sensitive to ciprofloxacin and therefore zosyn was discontinued . 
nephrology was consulted and emergently placed an blood filtering line and initiated blood filtering with the goal of rapid removal of coffeesal to help prevent . 
an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any signs of mass or bleed . 
body imaging was done to right / of ischemia suggesting no evidence of acute ischemia , or acute bleeding . 
physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning . 
name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his primary care provider regarding his physical therapy / international normalized ratio levels . 
afib with irregular pumping of blood through the heart : new onset during this admission . 
of note is previously was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here . 
on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , deep venous blood clot , pulmonary blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , hemoptysis , black 
given cardiac enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until hemodynamics stabilized . 
her heart function is stable with a preserved ejection fraction at 60 - 65 % , no significant valvular abnormalities . 
her creatinine initially improved with diuresis but her diuresis level was reached and she became the low output of urine . 
diabetes - patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at - home actine dose . 
the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for diuresis . 
he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department . 
the mass was biopsied and revealed an amp with high grade presence of cells of an abnormal type . 
for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was using in control her pain throughout her hospital stay . 
for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin drop and coumadin by mouth . 
2191 - 7 - 31 remains in cardiovascular intensive care unit , slightly sedated , intubated - weaning to continuous positive airway pressure , then as tolerated . 
while in the emergency department he had a seizure ( described as trement tonic / clonic , , liially , with face conversating to the left , looked like late - - , brief . 
the family was not comfortable making her comfort measures only on hol weekend . 
this continued for at least 10 minutes emergency emergency medical service arrived . 
there her vital signs were stable and a 3 way foley was placed . 
on transfer to the cc unit the patient denied any current symptoms . 
abnormal heart rate with rapid ventricular rate : : : rate to 150s in the emergency department , given 10mg by vein dilt x 2 and 30mg by mouth dilt with some response ( heart rate decreased to 120s ) . 
the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty . 
the procedure was successful , with intermediateization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small thrombus in the right patient - controlled analgesia which was not flow deficient . 
extraurry movements ( see eye movement ) and his vision and visual vision are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 words , but did not have they with him during this admission . 
she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic . 
she was initially admitted there on 2170 - 5 - 9 directly from the office for workup of ascites . 
after a few minutes patient became completely non - responsive and was intubated by anesthesia . 
the patient is a00 g , 38 - week , male , born to a 36 - year - old , number of pregnancies 3 , female . 
for the first several days he was placed in a bag and given morphine for pain control . 
the body imagings were reviewed with the prenatal , inpatient doctor team , and primary team who decided that the possibility of cervical infection / infectious inflammation was unlikely ; antibiotics were unlikely ; antibiotics were unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) 
a systemic workup for reversible causes was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , human , hepatitis , hepatitis , hepatitis , hepatitis b hepatitis , hepatitis , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 
this study was limited by wideo so they perform another body imaging . 
on exam , she was responding ` ` ` h ' ' to all questions . 
transferred to floor , then after inpatient doctor consult , decision was made to discontinue levuin as well , with plan of 7d after her central line discontinued . 
as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the intensive team did not feel that he was a feel that he was a difficult for extubation , by an increase in airway due to lung infection , the decision was made to proceed 
patient placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin . 
after the operation , he was brought to the cardiac surgery recovery unit on minimal inotropic support . 
his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge . 
the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse . 
the catheterization showed double occlusion of posterior descending artery , no intervention was done . 
it was taughted upon the patient multiple times that it is believed he stop the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a patch patch on discharge this this goal . 
cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs non - cirrhosis cirrhosis cirrhosis complicated by esophageal and , gastric varices . 
he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the cardiac surgery intensive care unit in stable condition . 
of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis . 
she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous point during her hospital course . 
in each case , the patient was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions , after which she came back into normal sinus rhythm . 
patient 496 to emergency department via ambulance from group home for evaluation of abdominal pain with with x x 6 days . 
of note patient was recently discharged from outside hospital in 4 - 29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status . 
her last stress test was a myocardial perfusion imaging test in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects . 
her fevers are likely related to her hiv and possibly her medications . 
endoscopamcarc clostridi antibody was also sent given her liver and central nervous system findings and was still pending at time of discharge . 
patient was in his usual state of health until 2193 - 12 - 27 when he developed rectal bleeding . 
patient last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive endoscopicectomy on 11 - 11 for high grade of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed immunodeficiency ' s esophagus with no malignancy . 
his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by blood doctor , in which they diagnosed him with likely platelets reduction type 2 . 
esophageal reflux disease : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home . 
home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued . 
a d - converting was positive , but given the kidney failure , he only underwentleyley that did not demonstrate evidence of blood clots . 
he was seen by physical therapy and felt safe to go to rehab . 
the first obtuse artery had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and gotg . 
she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( ( ) 112 112 1129 , first name3 ( ( ) follow - up with her primary care provider last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonoly 
of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative ileus . 
on arrival to the emergency department , vital signs 99 . 8 140 138 / 60 26 96 % , capacity study : 93 . 
in the emergency department , he was blood flow stable in blood pressure stable in blood pressure ) and rapid heart rate to 100 ' s . 
he has a history of surgical / injury / l surgical removal surgery 18 years ago , with subsequent tem supra cerebral stroke with right sided residual weakness and motor . 
a body imaging scan at another hospital showed hemo - pelvis around the sigmoid colon . 
the patient was admitted to the medical intensive care unit for ongoing continuous blood filtering blood filtering blood filtering given his pressures were presumedmic for identifying blood filtering . 
the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of flashvathy disorder disorder secondary to a parathyroid parathyroid and thyroid thyroid cancer , post , and right superior andectomyectomyectomyectomy on 2160 - 9 - 30 , who recovered well but but 
12 - 27 : increased pain regimen 12 - 29 : tolerated a regular diet 1 - 2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal , with no evidence of contrast collection . 
the patient ' s worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass . 
intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated abnormal heart rate , but these were controlled with medication . 
she had no return of shortness of breath while on the general medical floors . 
she moved him to the floor and started cardiopulmonary resuscitation . 
his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeut rapidly to > 4 on 6 - 7mg daily . 
and heel cervicalo on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204 - 12 - 2 . 
he was transferred back to critical care unit was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to lung water . 
the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170 - 9 - 19 . 
chest x - ray showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5 - 2 . 
no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 114 93 . 
escherichia culture / peptide , influenza a / b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge . 
vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated . 
on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , deep venous venous venous , lung blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , hemoptysis . 
please follow up with a repeat urinalysis at the end of fluconazole course . 
in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was neostered 50g of albumin daily followed by by vein lasix . 
she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain . 
was eventually converted to nasal cannula from non - rebreather mask after better oxygen saturation . 
throat back of mouth clear , no bleed , scrula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction . 
a non myolasive blood clot was found in the right popliteal vein - mid right femoral femoral vein . 
she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the intensive care unit and was no longer in tencc position but still with a respiratory . 
she recently underwent angioplasty of the superior mesenteric artery stent on 2118 - 1 - 19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating / drinking until about 3 days ago discomfort , , , vomiting , and nausea , and , , , , , . 
emergent treatment : do not resuscitate but okay to intubate confirmed with son . 
the initial strep pneumonia bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , penicillin , gabapentin / acetaminophena , and vancomycin . 
- continue soft diet for 3 days - continue ciprofloxacin 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg times a day . 
antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative . 
he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on post - operative day two for further monitoring . 
42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate / valium overdose . 
the patient was discharged home with visiting nursing association services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions . 
also had 3 - 25 episodes of coffee - ground vomiting and continues to feel nauseous . 
lung function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and segmental ventilatory defect ( mildly expiratory volume in 1 second . 86 , , vital capacity in 180 . 
89 year old gentleman with history of abnormal heart rate on coumadin , presented with subdural swelling that is filled with blood status - post resection , complicated complicated complicated , new heart failure exacerbation , new abnormal heart failure exacerbation , new abnormal heart failure exacerbation 
he was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with products . 
she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased by mouth intake . 
the white blood cell rose today , however , and an abdominal body imaging was planned , but the patient became acutely low blood pressure , and excessive sweating this morning . 
he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain systolic blood pressure ' s under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti - high blood pressure regimen . 
she has had 30 cc / hourr of urinary output after arival on the floor . 
patient began to prophylative , from the face downward . 
he had a waxing and hoillar level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain . 
source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the stapocdi valve . 
chest tubes and wires were complete ' s s without incident . 
the patient states that when the implantable cardioverter defibrill he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine . 
ceftriaxone was changed to ciprofloxacin for coverage of contgm and he will complete a 2 week course of that . 
the evening prior ( 2 - 18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened . 
she was weaned off of any pressors by post - operative day three and started on beta blockers . 
his initial electrocardiogram revealed sore throat depression in nature , il , and v2 - v5 with abnormal heart rate , troponin was . 33 ; abnormal heart rate has since resolved , st changes now read as non - specific . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , he was hemodynamically unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth . 
patient lastnam is a 63 year old woman with history of heart heart rate on coumadin , heart failure heart failure ( blood pumping score heart failure ( blood pumping score 55 % ) , and obstructive lung disease on 3l heart failure who presents to the 
patient was educated on potential long term ingestion of colchicine toxicity including visual leuctoto and transient stiffness and transient to follow up with primary care provider . 
also with frequent urinary tract infections , completing a dose of bactrim today . 
anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin . 
in the name , patient was reportedly comfortable . 
she was discharged to rehab in 2135 - 4 - 5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of jointular pain and worsening red blood cells in the urine . 
he also had n / v , chills but no diaphoresis . 
on discharge the patient was not feverish , non - neutropenic , without signs of infection other than a mild cough . 
blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer . 
while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was low blood pressure to 90s / 60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible lung infection . 
pain : from left flank lesion / fall and soft wounds . 
2171 - 4 - 12 : temperature spike 103 , vanco / zosyn started , , , discontin , tube tube changed to nasalststst tube . 
overnight into 2 - 12 she was related to 102 . 1 and she again expressed her disposition to leave against medical advice . 
anti - inflammatory rollob labor therapy , and for events criteria ) , aspirin aspirin mg was restarted in hospital on admission . 
patient 721 was initially kept largely by mouth due to his suspected aspiration lung infection . 
she also received doxycycline while star - onc ser screens were pending . 
per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an an an at that time ; she self discontinued the medication . 
she was continued on antibiotics ( amp - subl di and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was alsouresuresed gently to keep tolerate negative fluid balance balances . 
his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day . 
has had several sets of cardiac enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , v3 - v3 which were new from prior heart electrical activity done in 2103 - 5 - 29 . 
he was worked - up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and lung function testing . 
she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by physical who recommended reh rehab . 
he had low suspicion for lung blood clot ( negative trancilcil ) , and had an echo that showed relatively well markedly cardiac function . 
marked clinical instability - clinically today had left sided dense weakness of one entire side of the body , mild rigidity and visual field cut on l . during received fentanyl and versed , per nurse verbal report . 
her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her high blood pressure . 
on 7 - 25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7 - 26 . 
the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to sinus . 
* cough : patient had a dry cough on admission , which got more more severe during hospital stay . 
breathing failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , partial pressure of oxygen was 66 with partial pressure of carbon dioxide of 21 . 
the body imaging showed a focus of hyperint hyperint in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormalities in leftumum perse consistent with either infarct infarct vs metastatic lesion . 
medical c viral load 55 , 000 , 000 . per per per records , his highly was held upon admission to outside hospital 2 - 17 concern for raising syndrome in addition to concern that outpatient regimen would be causing liver failure ( pt was briefly treated with sol 
appointment scheduled with dr . last name 1760 . 
electrolyte labs revealed some hypercicmiate which was felt to be secondary to breathing abnormally in the setting of acute coronary syndrome in the setting of acute coronary syndrome . 
female in doctor last name ( backch ) roll roll motor accident , questionable loss of consciousness , right arms injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , ptt place right hand under window as rollay occurred as rollay occurred . 
in the intensive care unit , he was given 6 . 5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin . 
the patient ' s plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient ' s last percutaneous intervention . 
89 year - old male with a past medical history of interventionalvalvalpepe heart artery valve , high blood pressure , high blood pressure who presented with a septic drug reaction to bactrim , , airway was not observed , was observed , for further 
71 years old male with history of leukemia marrow middleeal multiple calc ( ) c ) status post barium meal test with high , abnormal - abnormal abnormal heart , brainural blood collect who presents with insufficient oxygen and altered mental status . 
he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility . 
he was admitted to the medical intensive care unit nothing by vein fluid resc resc , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and by vein fentanyl for pain . 
she was transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department where creatine kinase > 200 , 000 and creatinine 3 . 0 with urinalysis blood , + blackdy brown casts . 
per his mother , his voice is more nasal , as well as slurred and much softer . 
he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions . 
continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with visiting nursing association on postoperative days 4 . 
initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase triplet . 
he denies abdominal pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning . 
obstructive lung disease exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed obstructive lung disease exacerbation . 
in addition he will follow - up with a friendt and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying sourced him to strepsanocs ( ) . 
his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % . 
patient is a 79 - year - old man with a history of diabetes , kidney disease - stage - blood pressure , high blood pressure pressure , high who presented with with and and right arm weakness , from from left left lower from from from from from from 
the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks any point from 10 de to 2 - 10 a mile . 
he underwent continuous video electroencephalogram precing throughout most most of his hospital course . 
an interventional radiology guided gastroomyostomy tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient ' s unusual anatomy after bowel resection after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past . 
breathing distress - on 10 - 29 patient was noted to be rapid breathing at 36 / m with oxygen sat 90 % 4l / m nasal cannula which prompted a trigger . 
he did not spike a reflex tachycardia from this unclear because he was beta - blockade from his carvedilol which he takes at home . 
on the morning of 7 - 12 she reconsnced repeat headache followed by nausea / vomiting . 
electrocardiogram show t - wave inversion v3 - v2 and inferior leads , st depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of st depression in inferior leads . 
total parenteral nutrition was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her digestive tract tract as much as possible . 
patient was triggered for low blood pressure on arrival to systolic blood pressure 70 ( baseline in 90s ) . 
transient ischemic elevations , prostate cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital emergency department earlier when he had acute onset of chest , abdominal abdominal and back pain occurs interactive . 
the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her primary care provider and tumor doctor . 
acute inflammatory interstitial coli coli to hem name9 78 location ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from upper breathing infection secondary to hemopathy influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza . 
however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the 170 . 
a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family , intensive care unit , neurology and palliative care . 
the patient was found in the bed by his wife , cho eating and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission . 
infant emerged blue , and fingersp with little breathing effort . 
patient states that his peritoneal dialysis catheter has not been working appropriately during the same time ; he reports put in 2l posateate and only getting 1l fluid out . 
diarrhea - likely from all of his lactulose , but given recent low grade fever and multiple antibiotics , a potassium ( small bilirubin ) differential was negative . 
at hospital6 33 , he received 13 . 5 units of packed red blood cells . 
assessment / plan - 19 years old female with history of depression , status post drug overdose as suicide attempt , status post intubation for airway protection . 
transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of packed red blood cells during admission . 
additionally , she received chest patient and was started on nebul steroids in setting of confusion and persistent cough with sputum production . 
creatine kinase - mb was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked . 
he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his heart rate was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl drop and versed for sedation . 
septic shock : source is e . coli urinary tract infection 1 - 29itumehigaly . 
this was thought likely to be due to delirium given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep - word gestation , infection , and concern for possible seizures given quick , excessive muscle movements . 
several discussions were held with father . patient 96 husband husband husband and son , both , both , both , both . 
her hospital course was significant for peri - operative cardiac arrest and low blood pressure and later a digestive tract bleeding requiring intensive care unit unit stay . 
patient 7272 was emergently taken to the body scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team . 
she was found with empty bottle of glaquol ( 2 week supply , bottles date 4 / 5 / 5 ) full bottles of trazoe 400mg ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) full of of of of ( ) , , , 
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 19 . 6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his proportion of red blood cells increased to 26 . 
per infectious doctor will plan to treat bacteria bacteremia / abscesses with intravenous daptomycin to total of 6 - 8 -us . 
post operatively he went to the intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and blood pressure was kept at a normal range to decomuse his cord . 
he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal abnormal heart rate . 
the patient was neurologically intact and stable on blood on no inotropic or vasopressor support . 
nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood . 
chest x - ray done at the nursing home revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim . 
the location 109 was estimated at 0 . 7cm2 . 
white count coming down to 13 and proportion of red blood cells stable at 29 . 6 . 
idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis - - it was felt that the patient ' s insufficient could have been caused by his idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis that has significantly worsened or is the event upon which she she acting is acting . 
he was alsoureseded given his congestive liver and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , she suicidaltrainedtrainedates on the context of sodium . 
her coumadin ( on for abnormal heart rate ) was with resum until 10 / 11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9 - 12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday ' s when she received 3 mg 
she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels . 
initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 . 
a bowel path was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge . 
patient then had left main iliac stent placed via interphalalal and discharged on 2180 - 12 - 2 . 
patient is a 85 year old male with severe heart disease status post bypass bypass graft , drug drug drug valve valve replacement , ischemic heart with ejection fraction 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath . 
on 9 - 28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , afterwards 9 - 8 . 
she was noted to have abnormal thickening and swelling of the pneumyepiglglic , right greater than left , as well as abdominal abdominal body at theryryngeststal of of body imaging at the neck hospital . outside hospital . 
the pain would is not associated with sick , vomiting or sweating . 
he heavy supra that he had a ' cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough , runny nose and subjective fevers . 
the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin . 
patient should have a repeat head body imaging in a few months after discharge . 
upon further workup , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , prenatal by neuros down on his head and onto his neck to the left . 
the patient was monitored on telemetry with no irregular heart rhythm noted . 
he was transferred to coronary care unit for further observation on aggrenox drop and nitro drop to prevent narrowing of the arteries . 
per infectious doctor , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen . 
initial labs were notable for a normal white blood cell ( 7 . 0 ) , proportion of red blood cells ( 40 . 9 ) , and brain natriuretic peptide of 1180 . 
chest x - ray ' s post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical collapsed lung . 
on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots . 
at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 . 
fluconazole by vein was started on 12 - 4 with plan to treat until 12 - 29 . 
cardiac catheterization examined at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending narrowing of a blood vessel narrowing of a blood vessel and 80 % right coronary artery narrowing of a blood vessel . 
the patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the parkincaromom house in jackson - pratt drain on 12 - 29 . 
he states that the abdominal pain is located mainly in the left lower quadrant , was mostly crampy and occasionally sharp in nature , non - radiating . 
subsequent proportion of red blood cells found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline . 
another stat line below the right oro tube from the right lateral to the midline chest compared the right upper body body with the lower righttictic abdomen and legs . 
blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small much fluid and atelectasis . 
she was noted to have electrocardiogram changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes . 
she was initially placed in the intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture . 
digestive system performed endoscopy at the time of patient ' s arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non - bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum . 
arrived to the emergency department minimally responsive with no evidence of trauma . 
likely aspiration lung infection vs pneumonitis : patient had a history of difficulty swallowing and aspiration lung infection presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and hypoxia . 
on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with chest x - ray revealing mild congestive heart failure . 
she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( ) 455 who takes care of her at home . 
the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of dysphagia and difficulty breathing . 
otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well . 
on post - operative day 2 , the patient had another episode of breathing distress and was transferred to the intensive care unit for further management . 
history of ventricularic tachycardia : episodes of ventricular high heart rate occurred in setting of decompensated congestive heart failure , likely secondary to some demand ischemia , but ruled out for heart attack . 
she underwent upper endoscopy with 3 bands placed to esophageal varices . 
50 years old woman with new onset of chest pain or pressure on exertion and had positive exercise stress test . 
he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of sick and bloating with small volume vomiting . 
also rec ' d 700hh to determine for body imaging scan but then had a large episode of bright red blood per rectum . 
she will complete a 4 week course of radiotherapy and follow - up with inpatient doctor . 
exam remarkable for 3 / 6 systolic blood pumpingmur , soundest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck . 
arterial blood gas with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with fio2 less than 99 % 4 / 6 hour with cardiac arrest and death death . 
progression of lung fibrosis , right greater than left , likely usual interstitial lung disease or toxic metastatic of non - specific interstitial lung . 
patient was transferred to cardiac support recovery unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for blood pressure support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol . 
breathing failure : patient was continued on aggrgral ventilation . 
also found to be in breathing dioxidemia ( initially on arterial blood gas prior to transfer from trauma surgical intensive care unit ) , was thought likely secondary to central ventilationsissis and was treated with acetideide . 
she denies any recent concerns , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , nausea , vomiting , painful urination , bleeding , myalg , or rashes . 
pancreatitis ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) . 
she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and diuretics 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure . 
likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long - term antibiotics . 
at this time , the patient was evaluated by heart surgery service for a coronary artery bypass graft . 
emergency ward course also notable for body imaging the belly which showed demonstrated a possible right right kidney stone ( workup for red blood cells in the urine ) . 
melanotic tissue was seen from the mid duodenum to the proximal colon . 
the patient is a 72 - year - old gentleman who was at the center / company th when he fell over the repair of a sta staway with approximately a 20 - foot fall . 
unclear baseline mental status , per emergency medical service patient visiting from state 108 . 
head body imaging showed a small contening with a small subarachnoid bleeding in the left frontal lobe . 
of note , patient recently had admission date range 501 due to abscess following flag neurosurgery and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) . 
watery stool : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for difficileidi difficile cocc and no other infectious could be identified . 
neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was neuros bleed and not amenable to surgery . 
blood urea nitrogen / creatinine increased to 140 / 3 . 7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed . 
patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic . 
he received 600mg by vein clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management . 
international normalized ratio at baseline , bilirubin test and liver function tests were at baseline or below . 
she also underwent cardiac catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries . 
